Watching Yes, yes serial number 60 milords It's a Pl 56 of 2018 in which I find an interim application. This pertains to the death of lions in gate for us. Now the seventh application has been filed on to the ground that around 150 hectares of land is sought to be given to the railways from the forest area. Now two orders have been passed by this honorable court and there is no reply filed by any of the respondents till date. I have received instructions only on Saturday but I assure the honorable good the replay will be fine. This pile would not go into Environment Matters. No, it would come over here my lodge this was this is my link to the lions. That's right nine. Yes, the forest. It's the forest but the death of the lions that that has taken place. We want this matter to be taken up. I would request if this matter is taken up at 230 of each time next by next Monday. I see too that there is a requirement I received telephonic instruction fully on Saturdays legally. Here number 60. Men mentioned has been made by Sri Haman cha learned counsel for the petitioner stating that there's no counter affidavit has been filed by the state and the number of deaths of lions in the gear forests increasing day by day. next paragraph she remains the only Leonard AGP race for a week's time miles miles success and high leopard. Let this matter be listed again. On 27th January advance copy of the whatever replies you have to file. They will give you so much in advance Milo's I'm grateful. Malik. This is a yes. My Lord, I'm appearing in serial number 65. Yes. What do you want? the petitioner My Lord, I wanted clarity in that matter, to clarity matters, right. Actually, where are the buy order dated third margin 17th March of this honorable court. The respondent, the state was to file reply in this word, they're not filed reply yet. And because of that, the petitioner who is a retired or industrial, the petitioner, who is a retired industrial officer, his pension and graduate is not being given a lot. Workers responded Miss capper appears. So we are granting one more opportunity to miss taco. you inform Mr. Gore in writing about this order. He goes, I shall inform her that she would amaze mama miss this. I will also inform David licky mentioned has been made by Miss aarushi. They say, counsel for the petitioner that despite the pendency of the petition for more than a year, no counter affidavit has been filed. And as a result, the petitioner who is a retired Labor Code of local industrial tribunals officer is suffering on account of non payment of desirable use, including pension. Mr. Shah, CO. Workers for the respondent, granted four weeks and no more time to file counter affidavit. counsel for the petitioner shall inform Mr. Court in writing about this order within 24 hours maybe through email and WhatsApp for some let this matter be listed on 15th February 2021. All right. Yes, the one she are going to be Yes, uno de la chip. I'm requesting for circular of this MC and I'm sure if I list contempt petition in the month of February 2020 launcher, we really do need only please last year only one logic I have placed some play payslips lordship and they are electronically generated. So they have less margin like on the sides not but they are fairly legible logic file type copy of the same 36 paste. These are 12 petitioners lordship and all are similar logic just to show that reduction in pay fellowship I have faced those. You see if there's a purpose of Office of action and there is a requirement under the rules, you need to remove it. It is very easy. You get one payslip prepared on the computer and start filling the data in every one of them in a you get to type copy very soon, not one. I didn't mention cardiogram laguindingan. lash in my case is only a small purpose for that basically blotchy. I just wanted to show the return reduction and it is fairly legible logic. That is the basis of your content good that the reduction has been done and the pace is the proof of that correct. But the pace live is ready for launch. If there is no question of eligibility just because of the requirement. There's no talk of eligibility or eligibility says that all documents need to be typed. Correct. But a 636 launch and all 10 months. Do it in two days. There were other objections also, which were very typical to remove all this online or from online portals. So that's why I give poor new copy logic. But in that this small objection was raised not my request My Lords made for me. If I start permitting office objections to be removed, there will be a lot of difficulty or logic the objection is very minor logic. That is why I'm requesting their 36 pages basically all are similar losses and therefore very easy computer is there. You prepare one payslip fill in the data next, figures third figure four figures and keep printing finally create Addiction Recovery begin with objections are removed then it may be celebrated on 22nd. Subject with objection. Yes. Next is Mr. Blank Monday over our accountable Yes, sir, there is a serial number 49 of matter My my, my Madras poty cmod died. It is required to hearing urgently. My feed notices his shoe level code. What is the matter of matter is the government seats of Medical College has been converted into the management quota and NRA quota. I'm not interested in doing so. Everybody no urgency number I got another request for serial number 756 model mentioning serial number seven. Number seven. Yes, yes. matter where my lord has passed the order and directed the government to take a decision for giving financial assistance to the auto rickshaw driver in September 2020. Nothing has been done notice has been issued last time gP gP has not appeared in the matter therefore matter was not proceeded we said they're running a disagreement while decision has not been taken. Goodbye to 30 minutes by in fact my the London computer isn't waiting but nonetheless I revert back at 230 this is serial number 56 656 is religion. Major has been made by Shri kr Koshi Lerner Council for the applicant stating that despite direction having been issued in September 2020 the state has not taken a decision so far. And as a result, direct auto rickshaw drivers are suffering for subsidized the ronnie DGP This one is gonna take two weeks time two weeks time to biggest success and plays the same on record Milo's list on the date when the pile 42 of 2020 is listed it was these are the matter where there is a quantum is crazy wireless application there is no content here. Next case Miss may have guys said I already filed contemporaries to contempt is not listed contemporary communism today is not the contemporary then about the content metric listed there is no mentioning with regard to contempt is not there Mr. koester You can leave now we are past the order and the question around circulation for tomorrow Nazi because I'm in no fancy we want to stay against the order the next thing single church in which direction is given to reinstate the original petitioner on his original post within three weeks and three weeks as expert on today Lord six blocks if my request for urgent circulation for tomorrow I didn't know what it was Gary I go something they will proceed with a contempt or something like that nothing is going to happen immediately. No mellowed nothing let it come on. 18th or 19th lots it but three weeks our expert on today Lord said so what would happen that's why law kill me. So what didn't really matter you have not complied? Will you be sent to jail today? No Milan. contempt proceedings at best. That's all they're gonna do. Next day after tomorrow, lock it in place. Yes, next is Miss digital shot. Yes yes serial number six tip so, there is a similar my a group of matters are coming on board tomorrow Listen to me requesting for tomorrow otherwise the next week that content matters. Yes. Let it come. This has not been submitted so far first time or notice has been issued no plus time but tomorrow. Tomorrow is group matters are coming on board does it's therefore actually your material 22nd Yes. Yes. Probably could muster here number 6/22. So moving. Moving. Yes. We have Mr. Santos, item number 18 and 19 am requested for next week. There is some difficulty on the part of Mr. Seller genuine personal stories and he appears on behalf of Mr. Miss Nunn our tomorrow. Alright, now. Is there any consent as we begin? consent is already obtained from Mr. Shea than meat served by Mr. shelfmark in the morning. It's for next week, please. 18 and drinking both 18 and 19. Both, please. I'm deeply obliged to manage permissions. Yes. That takes care of serial number eight and nine Nexus Mehmed II saw hockey. Well, buddy, this is a matter challenging the constitutionality of the disturbed areas that the matter has been filed on fifth of January, but no permanent number has been given till the filing number I am requesting for objections, right. No, no. No objections? No, no, nothing is nothing is reflected on the website nor has anything been communicated. And what is the urgency according to you? That's it, because what currently constituted validity over disturbed areas Act, which was which is an act of the year. It's a it's an act of the 1981. But a recent or the recent amendment has been passed in the year 2020 in October 2020. And Act has been completely as an it's a it's a it's a comprehensive amendment. We will have it on 20 January. Please do not please. Subject to open objections being removed. Alright. Certainly. manly. Yes, please. Let's move on. To number 44 Milo pizzette content matter where I received a reply from the other side with the consent of others and requesting after three weeks months, so I can file my rejoinder with consent after three weeks, although I'm obliged. The second is have some money. Yes, my notes. Last time on since January, I'll file notes for circulation of certain matters my load of the first vital desk Inform me that I should also remind me on this today also, actually the exact group of learning creation 32 matters. Today, only nine matters have been notified before justice as per the direction given by my Lord, I have already filed note for clubbing the all entire group on 32 meters wide you have to make a mention before the division has informed me that I should also remind you lordship and also find notes. So when the concern Benji saying that that power is with only chief justice that is an administrative head order now you have moved the note the exaggeration replace it with what we I will prep all the matters very well. Not similar. Yes. That's why there is urgency I may just only one minute. I have understood the urgency I will inform the get the instructions issued for placing your matter before before nomination, make you that that numbers right now will lie in your load. You must have mentioned all those numbers. Yes, yes. Yes. All right. And sorry for interfering. All right, Jason, next Quartermaster officer diagonally this book is giving me some advice here to say otherwise, Mr. Sony will again come in nothing else in the company got them. All right. Thank you very much. Next is Mr. Ragnar talk. Yes, decreasing the circulation for one LPA attorney on a single judge whereby a single performed your detention. So, what is this urgency eiga matter cannot be taken up on the date is filed. Are there any questions? No, there are no objection is calculated on any date convenience will also be sorry komai 20/21 on it now, having some possibility within 20/21 phase we will concentrate. Yes. Next is Mr. Magoo kiya Yes, let's see the number 11 Miller's This is a release of vehicle millets. Is this matter before we actually we challenge the virus of the sections will not therefore the matter was placed before the division bench will otherwise it's a matter of pertaining to the single judgments will not what is what section 98 of the prohibition act? section 98 of the prohibition act. So you want release of goodwill? Yes, my last series of orders are being passed by the Buddha mala has been released. In the other judgments of the honorable Epic's court minutes we will have your matter on 28 to zero My Lords yes to zero. Please well not much applies. Yeah, you will not Yes. Please, am I audible a lot? Here, Linux single digit issued directions for the payment of GPS as well as some areas euro chips right now in the contempt proceedings, the court put forth a question to the respondents whether they want to comply with the order or whether they want to challenge it. Yes, in response to that the respondents have made a statement before this honorable court that they will comply with the order within a period of four weeks. That was in September your options. For in now, what happened in those four weeks is that instead of granting those benefits that took away the benefits that are already a good recovery notices are issued to us. And therefore I find a civil application for bringing on record, those recovery notices your Lordships. Now, this condom court has been kind enough to grant stay in those recovery notices in contempt proceedings, please your Lordships because then those were consequential to that. And they're passed with a view to exact vengeance from my clients. and thereafter, the officer was called to remain present before this honorable court and thereafter some areas have been paid. However GPF has not been granted the rest of the order is not complied with despite the fact that statement was made back in September iraq ships I have an exit order with my civil application page 15 of my civil application is the statement that compliance shall be made Yes, it was appearing in this video. Yes. Then take instructions because the expert what it is taken by my Laurel finger is a statement was witness let me verify this how the recovery notices have been issued. What is the habit in the coming week Mills is taking sources are being served according to be office report, the order is dated 22nd October 2020. The date on the notice making a determinable was second November 2020. We are today on first of January 2021. Now if nobody has shown up till date, the instructions then let the secretary irrigation department appear. One task can be given to you in other ways the order Have you read the order dated 22nd. October was on the civil application. We have virtually every other counsel for the applicant and Mississippi but Atlanta up for the state. Apart from the fact that various orders have been passed in the contempt application that is MC number 128 of 2020. On the order dated 22nd October 2020 as in the civil application, number one of 2020 itself speaks volumes of non compliance, rather delivery disobedience by the opposite party. Sub notices were issued fixing second of November 2020 on this civil application. According to the office report notices have been served. Today Miss protec learned ADP has prayed for some time to obtain instruction in the matter as she has not received any instructions so far from the office parties. Make it Easy for the office officers to understand we are reproducing the order dated 22 1020. Yet under court consider a good case for clear disobedience is made up let the opposite parties or whoever be holding the Office of the defined posts as the opposite party number 123 event present through video conferencing on fifth of February 2021. So, it would have a portfolio of things think it would however, be open for the opposite parties to ensure compliance in the meantime and file an affidavit of complete compliance. If I may request Bruce, I may revert back to 30 minutes as per my will just now I received the instruction for the recovery notices have been very withdrawn. So but if at all Well, that is the factors I will revert back to 30 minutes for time the medals may kindly reserve that ordinance if at all that is not the situation then I will be requesting the honorable courts to pass that order. Just now I have received the message order 200 to 30 very well disciplinarian hi time abolishment immensely abolish your options may leave your mind next one was filed this quantifies Mr. Joshi who's instructing you Mr. Chairman, as well unfortunately Mr. Mr. Pruitt was traveling and he has fallen ill and so I just got the papers but he has been unable to book it but his colleague is there but I'm sorry I told you is going to do his separate buttons. I don't think he's also I am extremely sorry yet. Anyway, not just me, not your chicken. I was only to request process Mr. Boyd has fallen has fallen sick while traveling. I have not been able to go through the entire papers now. It can subject to the courts. I mean the government's urgency manner. It can be tomorrow or on 14 That was our principal contention is going to be it's an interim or an added remodel. So if the court is inclined to know we have something to say on that but not make a difference. I can wait till tomorrow there are other matters of this very group coming up before a coordinate bench. We will request for tomorrow. A table may not make any difference we can wait for that okay. Five, absolutely not. Tomorrow or 14 whichever. No 1314 is a holiday we can have a day after 13th also there is a fix then tomorrow is better. Tomorrow if it is convenient to the court tomorrow otherwise, whereas it is convenient. It is your convenience that we are considering day after there is a fixed by tomorrow. So tomorrow is fine or 15. Tomorrow, very well obliged. Both matters must be advised to proceed and expressing some difficulty at the end of the instructing counsel. The matter is adjourned for today. Let it be listed again tomorrow. Not it is January 2021. All right, good January next month. One, two and three both. Yes. Please, madam may be permitted to leave my lunch. Yes, you'll be permitted to do your videos well. Now we come to the regular board. This is that insurance matter Mr. Joshi is I believe the next matter is that chavda winnowed by chavara matter. First bought for 19390. Yes, yes, yes, yes, well, there it is. Your chipset said to decide in three months we had moved the honorable Supreme Court and the honorable Supreme Court has not accepted our SLP but some some order is passed which we are awaiting the orders of subject I was waiting for Miss love Kumar was advice can be kept next week or so. Some order has been passed just on the last Friday, I think the officers had come loads because there was certain directions even we were required to collect certain details from the insurance company, but it will inform towards us that they move the matter in before the honorable Expo and I know Lordships admit Mr. Damo that he is aware of that Miss Mr. Mooney Damodar is on very well. Mr. Singh granted a bob was also appearing with you now. Yes, yes. Yes. I think so. Mr. Something that I'm gonna find there. And Mr. Cooney? Yeah. I'll admit. Mr. Chairman, Mr. Damodar, was certainly there. Mr. Juniper has actually made the arguments for the for the private. Yes, yes, yes. Yes. As I was indicating, or they had moved the petition, the respondent SBI general insurance and both the specially petition and that got taken up for hearing on Friday. And the court has not I mean, has not has rejected the especially petition or disposed of but there are some observations made I am told by the advocate who was there, but the order is not yet available. Next week, next, by then the orders will come. Yes, Yes, certainly. It would be a very, very lucky sumiyoshi. counsel appearing for the SBI general insurance. Yeah, that's right. General Insurance. Upon instruction from Mr. Cooney Damschroder learned counsel for the said company, informs that the insurance company has taken carried demand into the Supreme Court hlp has since been most of on Friday last it's January 2021. However, the orders are awaited. Accordingly let this matter we'll list it again on 21st. January, not for the parties to place the order the supreme court order. Next is Miss Linda Tasha Miss Natasha and Mr. Josh are not the waiting room. But my instructions are that the in fact the state authorities have in fact requested the law Naidu get general versus Georgia they have just this I've just received that they're in the process of requesting him to appear I'm requesting for first week of February there's a communication address notes I've received serial number two, two and four which are similar but I request for when it comes into I was to request notice. When for similar Yes. But in that matter of this cookie shop here's number four very well in his presentation make any questions but none of the other there have not shy Russia would be a very worthies but a colleague or colleague have not shot yet and I pretty much you are appearing is number four. No, no cinema 30 minutes as a bit when you can leave and come again. Is this your number two and automatically? Mr. Modi's a piece of get out of the same single order resume single day, I identify the issue is similar identical orders to connect again, my notes here number two and for convenience, Mr. Museveni when it is up for the state, responding to state submits that learned adequate general instructions to appear in these two matters. But what should we say the state has just requested into assessments are that for the timing of losses now, my request because I received a communication where they have addressed the learned Advocate General to assist it will not happen if the next time routes that are really on the request. My advices are very divided up, please do not be listed in the first week of February 2021. ungrateful and highly oblates did not deserve please. In the meanwhile, I'll try to also seek consent of my colleagues. Yes. Mr. kamin, Danny, is gone, we will inform her and Mr. kamin Danny is not there. Number three. Please wait for a minute. Yes, Yes, certainly. He's below in Serial Number Number four, on the request of Nana DVD. We have heard of February, please. But there is only one thing in my matter that in spite of the fact I'm challenging the order passed by by the learned single judge, but the learner singer just stated that if the authority does not proceed with the procedure mentioned in the rule, then the recall is to be released unconditionally within after the expiry of two weeks, but more than two months had been passed, they have not yet proceeded under the provisions of the Act and the rules. So apart from the fact that whether I succeed in the CLP or not, then also be not there has to be an unconditional release of my vehicle as per the impugned order. However, till the date authorities have not released my vehicle. So, if you want we can fix it even earlier Mr. Ronnie, I can I can take in Section four, there is no difficult lodgement so we will have it on, say 21st Milo's is obliged will take for to number two and 40 Mr. Devaney here, whisper is good. 21st February 21 January, grateful two months oblige. It may be listed on the top of the board itself. The top 10 case is going to inform your other colleague Miss Nebraska and Mr. Joshua, we're getting here number two. Please do that. Please. Mr. Taco? Yes. We've just been informed of what has happened today at 230 but he lost his mother only yesterday. And still he wants to come and appear. Mr. Takata via the good posture and wrongs that Mr. Ashok Mehta is responding number two or he appears for responding number two, no. He's As the leader is on right now he has lost his mother yesterday. But still he says that he would join the court proceeding that 230 I live it to your lordship. I don't know is that the question has come Therefore, I have no choice. The request is one 230 we can have it at 230 I am not at 230 whatever he has to say we will see then yes otherwise he had made a request was a majority of the three voted I understand that I absolutely I appreciate that fact. We are better taking it right Miss Malhotra is appearing mirrors for Mr on diamonds that is what it is informed and along with her marriage Mr. Davis we are seeing appearing marriage for the we will be happening we are admitting given Mr Vyas yes because I was waiting to be joined for season but 30 minutes yes this part of the government to 39 years obliged and Mr. Ahmed ticker legit serial number five this is a content matter you're not sure I am appearing on behalf of Mr. saleet hardcore Yes. Can you launch it with possible request your Lordships to grant us a password and what appears for your response along with you? Yes. So possible What do you mean by password? You wanted a 230 attacker lunch in serial number five this is a content matter. Yes. Can you launch it with possible solutions to God as a password? YouTube conduits correct? Yes. Hello, should my it was open for me to tell you are live on the before the courts which of the YouTube have already put the volume to zero? And so anyway, so you wanted to 30 in that case may request for day after tomorrow on 13th. Day after tomorrow. 13 make a request made up an alga Krishna Shire. advocate for Mr. Sunil taco list again on witness dignity January. Thank you. Emily. We have no one else in the waiting room except Mr. Neal Mehta. And Mr. Perez dodgy is not there yet. How come morning with a water tendency be suddenly survivable? There's only one Mr. Parrish that Neil Mehta in the waiting room. Nobody is Yes was a pleasure pursuant to the last order passed by the honorable bench manner 21st of October 2020. Your direction direction was given to the member state government authority to do. Good. I'm awaiting instructions, because everybody's fine with me. But I'm just awaiting instructions whether this amount is my colleague was taking care of the matter. I'm just awaiting instructions in the matter. What do you want? Please? What do you want? well as on marriage photos, I'll be able to satisfy your lordship with regard to the prayers made by the president petitioner because we'll find a reply. He says that the amount of compensation is required to be made paid to them for the land which is acquired, but was there is material to indicate that in fact, the land is not free from all encumbrances. In fact, there are certain instances where the present applicant is in fact given the either entered into some agreements with the residents who are staying there and there is an instance of sale, but I was pointed out that as far as the sale is concerned, the block number of my friends is is different, but the fact remains that on verification after which the affidavit is filed, there are residents there are residential buildings, people sending their roots under the authority of the present applicant. And for that land, my friend says that compensation is equal to be paid. That is what equity would be at file at the first point because notices were issued by Lordships in the matter and I preferred the affidavit as far as deposit part is concerned. I just contacted officer I'll be able to revert back in in a few minutes in the meantime, because as a matter of minutes, but kindly grant me half a second route I just he is on concurrently Currently our physical network manager keep it on next week manner so that they can find proper fit also. And I may also inquire with a pro forma counterpart the monies are deposited. That is what I just inquired from my Yes. Yes, then I don't have time to ever look at the average of 2015 30 that page number 15. A Yes. Might not be sanctioned for notification k will be issued in 2012. Yes, bottom part 17 October 2012. There are cross section six notification at page number 16 details has been provided. and thereafter in a word itself, column jarmoo. Jana to pay these deities mother do kawamata Samia Maharaja page number 16 paragraph Number says Sarah second solo Danny Phantom tomio akhri Jaya nama tree collector serious when so the kawamata say no objections came to the receiver of page number 16 middle page number 16 mirror first paragraph thereafter my load collector I'm gonna Petra number at natla Fie. tonic chances danger He died nominee Manu curry Rajendra gadget ma proceed Karani details was also been mentioned for the in second last paragraph. jammin sampada do more research or only column notice immediately a trainee adara gear VEDA Tony reactivate naughty somebody Jemima Kata dharani baioni kawamata jan or to Gram Panchayat carceri mamilla theory unnecessarily procedure Juan Manuel de de Zubrin Sampath and Tony German said it he said he don't know he has no money from a partner barberia chona Raja Kumari and thereafter, at page number 70 Germany Maliki simpanan why Germany Maliki Baba de se revenue rapper mother's direct to Germany Maliki durata dominis mopani na SATA servir Mar first crush mopani on gotta hit someone around our back to Nick we want over at noon tomorrow Paulina Chitra Pandey to pass on to Mr. Reddy. Therefore, all the procedure formalities since 2012 to 2015 has been completed by the author at mirror snow objections came to be received by the any of the authorities whether they have taken the position also it is with them also since 2015 minute they are not making the payment of the every demo. Therefore, why not make it have a look at the the copy of the this one award is dated second Of March 2015. Yes my no no in the award Your name is Jessie what is in your rivers yeah what do you think my favorite ever is the already manual noticing cable the issue compensation is also been awarded what they are saying in their affidavit in reply that some salary has been made that salary is at page number mylot kindly Have a look at page number 57 that that sell deed is not part and parcel of the manual the evidence that is some for some another survey number that is my independent another transaction with some or other party. This this LD is of survey number 55 which is not at all part and parcel of the award. Now according to you which of your plot number has been acquired? Yes my debt is yours for a debt I have shown the voice chart at page number six. In my petition my note page number six then I have prepared whole chart survey number seven zero river survey number eight survey number 12. Survey number 1314 1516. am constantly these survey numbers. These seven plot numbers only. Yes. Which are for petitioners Yes. Only for the survey numbers. I am 40 pieces vital. And the survey number I have not made any salary. Very recently. Producing is awesome. Another survey number waru. Je now you come to the award. And slot number seven numbers are mentioned. Yes, yeah, that is also mentioning every switch page. Ever. Can you look at page number 32 the whole chart is prepared in the award itself. somebody pays 90 per table when I wanna pay pay number 31 might not come to page 19 methodology. That is frequently was new look into the award. Higher said Yes, ma'am. Now you also remember that seven 812 13 Yes, yes many Oh yeah. No sure this number Well, 813 14 1516 Yes. Which I which I have mentioned in my PT cell that I have taken from Emory itself. Some pattern it attorney Jimmy no survey number chassagne at bar Panda anisole that is I have taken from what it says my own and further from further at page number 31 detail detail has been provided with along with the amount of competencies and awarding seven 812 13 1415 yes and pay number 31 and 16 Miles, what is the what is made in this river? And you don't have any objections received? How can you withhold the payment, mile point or more with respect to what I'll point out why my mother petitioner hearing is was initially owner of a mill rock chips are considered there are many survey numbers of him in the vicinity nodes. This award is passed. When we went to take the position, we found that the people who are working in the mills of the present petitioner have constructed their houses or living in their own on those lands. That is one secondary molars there are instances of sale of these houses by the petitioners to individuals, once I've sailed it with with a lot of efforts, we could find one such sale deed of adjoining survey number, we may or may have also requested the other owners to at least give us the details by these these lands are in fact transferred. Now, these are situations I need this land for the purpose of constructions of my head office railways, SB railways, numbers when I go to the lands, the petitioner himself as seen to it as his millworkers are reciting there there are houses constructed Sir, I am today in a position the state government will pay the compensation and the land is enclosed upon by the individuals. I've stated in my affidavit in reply, there is no rejoinder, which is there is a rejoinder. There is a rejoinder I have filed wherein My Lord, not only they're what they are, they have issued notice to get the amount of compensation but one of the petitioner was out of India therefore could not remain present. Therefore the page number 109. Not only that, they'll say, can you come here here and take your compensation, but what is the reason behind for not giving the compensation among I have complied with might not make it I will look at 109 merit pay number 109. That is the notice issued by the authority. Can you come and take the podium? No, I don't know he even though they are not making payment? Can you hear it Tom neroca, sola Pandaria Tao and che might not make it have a look at 109 bilott. They're ready to have acquired the land milords 2012 is the notification section four and six please votes 2015 is the award my notes. Now, whether or not you're able to take position, please know your problem. You are bound by the award all the proceedings or should have you can you have acquired the language in you you remove all construction, but there is only one Madeira Knights are created that is please help page 54 only for a minute who knows what rights are created by in fact there is individuals have come that therefore I'm singular there are individuals who say that they have seen lead but we are not getting that those details even the petitioner is called joint meetings our answer in the presence of the PTC all those persons who are writing the attribution is indeed my one search is received one search add a different survey number which is not covered by the acquisition, but these other details are not coming forth. I have therefore stated in my affidavit itself, that the then then there is only one request I will make to the honorable code words, only one affidavit by the petitioner that as far as the survey numbers are concerned he has not created third party rights. I will not respond to one affidavit that that is what he is saying that he has not received any of these notes on or let him say that. That is all I'm requesting. I will not today is a situation where there are individuals, please have page 53 when we went there. Please have 15 people it is my specific government on both on page 10. I'm 40 minutes I don't have that rejoinder. But my epidemic starts from page 50. Please page 53 loads. Yes. There are 10. It is submitted that it is only submitted that some of the land is enclosed by the workers of the mill, which was owned by the petitioners. Even there are encroachments by other individuals on the land of the petitioners. It would be appropriate to submit at this stage that the when the alternative went for pasture inspection, it was intimated by one of the three story houses that one petition is inflexible by way of logistics indeed, prior to the date of Mr. A copy of the Siemens nx it is further submitted that many such enclosures have claimed to have purchased the houses property land from the petitioners Mr. To productor after section for notification, any sale would be void microbots party rights would be created anyone who purchases it does it as his own race. You are wherever this is a fairly 1015 How does it matter? It is between him and the person was he cheating him whatever is the problem there. How are you concerned you remove everything and today position but I found the real job jaggery name is Emmy Award under the notification, you are the Landsat vested in you. But please watch I understand, but then still today and and the date of section for whoever was recorded as the owner would be entitled to compensation ratio the dispute between private parties if he assaulted the purchaser will sue him for that. But they were only what if you tell us more any transaction will it survive will be more it will not. But today the situation is that there is not one house, there are hundreds of houses. So, when you went to make a survey before Section four, what did you see? You made the survey you made the notification the section for declaration under Section six, the inquiry under question five and then award under Section 11. My loads and the awards there. Yes, sir. But one one paragraph the last paragraph notes on 11. They had come forward we are not getting the details for notes by 11, the philosopher kindly Buddha laser postures and rancorous modern authorized unauthorized occupants. They have no right they have to be removed, therefore do not currently have it is my information on both para 11 last four lines. It is submitted through the lens of the petitioners are required. But as stated above, the same is occupied by various individuals. It is further submitted to the petitioner and officers of the department and the police officials have visited the place and also have joined meetings and it is informed with the petitioners that when we can and peaceful possession of land is ended our compensation will be paid. It is further submitted that many individuals as stated above say to purchase the land from the petitioners answers. Details are not forthcoming from the petitioners. My here is a man who knows there are hundreds of construction words you will have to point out because I can understand prior to the date of Mr. But he was running a mill there there are constructions of his workers their molds, how do I go to the place and pay compensation to him when I don't even know there are hundreds of houses there, sir? I have not an extra math. But if you're watching too kindly Here it is. It is presumed that the land is vacant. When there is a survey, I understand, acquired it. And there were no third party rights or even third party rights created after section four will not have any legal entity. And it would be a list between the petitioner and the respondent and the private party who says that he has purchased there could be responses they could be unauthorized occupants. But more today, now lots lot on various more today's an individual before Lordships but, boy, he says that he's seeking compensation under the ignorance losses while exercising, in fact, the discretion equitable knowledge would not consider this action of the petitioner since he knew that his workers are staying there and now he is claiming compensation whether a third party is residing there, Sir, did you have any agreement with him before taking this land that you will remove all the workers only that will make the payment but it is agreed I have stated joint meetings are held in the presence of the petitioners when not at the time of acquisition. It is clear you are doing it it is after sir it is after? Now it is deemed that the position is with you under law for six and now section nine obeah section 11. We are what oh yeah, yeah, that is there. That is I'm not I've stated so who knows I'm not saying I am not running away from you want to ship your baggage and burden on the petitioner that they should get it removed and cleared. In fact, you have allowed it to happen. He will say that after four six I'm nothing to do. And you are not able to show any easier deed which is prior to forensics. But then gradually one big thing lots is never done the by next week if there is anything I let us otherwise this is what we do some We will also examine your request. Let us see the video under a bit a bit what they have said my my failure in rejoinder affidavit page number 109. They have issued notices under Section 24 gated we are looking into your contents of your reorder affidavit whether you have said that you have not include any CLT with regard to the seven survey numbers or not. Where have you said that we said that you make the statement or know that you have not executed any sale deed with respect to seven survey numbers which have been acquired and which you claim to be your ownership and you are claiming competition with them. Where is their statement followed? That is not specifically coming but I am ready to make separate IPTV deleted on record. Yes, I will do I'm ready. I'm ready with the seven survey numbers. Yes. mentioned in your video. Of which you are claiming conversation. You have not executed a single sale deed of a single square inch of land. I I will I will separate that. From your for petitioners Yes. You are called for four parishes? Yes. My wording in the name of all four of them. Yes, yes ma'am. All separate affidavits separate episode I will find them definitely I will What have you said about the 2015 CLD with visit that is a different block number number 55. That is not part of the very logic directed me to take instructions with regard to deposit but I've now I have received a letter in the cheque also a copy of cheque which is now in fact on 11th of November 2020. With a letter will not be deposited the check before the honorable register of this honorable court knows very well. Nikki, what did the amount of the check, please might is one grown 15 lakhs $20,188. She learned a GP for the state respondents it submit that in compliance with the order dated 2110 2020. The amount was deposited with the registry of this court in November 2020. poster next minute enough. We have heard Shri Krishna Ji 11,000 for the petitioner, and she's running for the state by means of this petition, under Article 226 of the Constitution, the relief claim this for appropriate directions to be issued to the respondents that attempt to make payment of the compensation as per the award already made. To the petitioners what are the owners of the seven survey numbers mentioned in the petition, which have been acquired under the provisions of the land acquisition act 1894. Their counsel for the petitioner has gone out into the details of the survey numbers mentioned in paragraph nine the award dated second March 2015. While there's an actual fee once and also be indicating the amount of compensation given table for each of these seven survey numbers. Next, in the affidavit in reply filed by the additional special land acquisition officer an objection is sought to be raised in paragraph 10 and 11. to the effect that there are large number of residential houses constructed over the seven survey animals or with competition is being claimed. And there's also refers to one sale deed dated 18th of February 2015. To be executed by in favor of third parties to the effect that the kitchen is having created right and the state is unable to take position. The compensation may not be directly to be released in their favor. Next to me that g counsel petitioner referring to the visual deliberative it submitted that relates to a different survey number one Then the seventh seven numbers mentioned in the petition is also submitted that the petitioners have not executed any shall be created third party rights in respect of the seven plots, survey numbers in question Mr. de vaniqa submission liccardo accepted that this is only for the submitted that the petitioners may be directed to file an affidavit stating that they have not executed initial deed or third party rights with respect to the seven survey numbers over which compensation is claimed, the seven survey numbers we mentioned number seven, eight when 13 1415 and 16. A warm market can mean a lot to me. For the strip that he will find the left divot of each of the four petitioners clearly stating that they have not executed any certainty with respect to any land of the seven survey numbers would not have created any third party rights. Let this matter be listed again. On first February 2021. said that he may file the required affidavits or before 21st. Yes, ma'am. Can you read the first January 2020. And Mr. Dave No need to open for the instruction and file his file any further affidavit you may wish to file on us before 28 January 2021. After supplying for the for the council to decide whether this this matter on first February 2021 in the top 10 cases am I actually an actual magic numeral? Yes, please you're not same thing. Yes. Yes. Who know there are six matters out of six fire before my lords? Yes, your issue is not only the age in three matters there is is there is an issue of age upper age limit of 40 candidate or the employee belong to open category and the posts were to be filled up through siddell caste or sedu tribe or reserved category candidates only. Not I request that the six better be kept together and I will be given a task to prepare a statement and submit we were down to record 66 we've been lucky enough to have a V pass covered. I have no problem with the seats is not taken up today or is taken up next week the sweet slot that what would be the upper age limit and context that is the issue entry matters into matters without the issues about seniority seniors are selected and appointed. And the honorable court is not properly appreciated that that is my submission. And the third one is with regard to a candidate who is not belonging to any result category. So if my Lord gives me an opportunity, I can submit a statement or I can just start it below. You want to argue another day we will have it on another day along with other matters otherwise, we can start just know a lot then let it I'm having some problem. So I might not make it on 20th to zero if possible. I will be free by 17th Milan 16th or 17th after kanima is gone. The sixth one is without civil application 123 of 2021. In LPA in special say 2431 of 2017 means go filing will be again. LP a number is not just now with me. But that's your number is 123 obrecht 2001 to 21 LPs of 20 and special set to 41 of 2017. Thank you make a statement also let us by Friday will wave your magic onto a common order by bulleted list again, as many as pre advisory he has mature learned counsel for the appellant list on 20th January 2021 of the top 10 cases along with another LPA in which the civil application number is 123 of 2021 dash filing LPA number showed a blank quality 20 arising out of special civil application number 2431 of 2017. Yes. In the meantime, Mr. militia will provide a statement statement like I put it on record of all Yes. Medical. Yes, I look like my house. I take my looks great. Yes, Mr. Maddock. Please whereas this is not identical to the one Maritza which was the order which was passed on Friday April May recollect, receive also a trespasser rather of the middle the erstwhile petitioners whose matter was listed on Friday, Brazil in fact they This is also with respect to encroachment of the land that is that is situated within the LA This limits. I have forwarded the copy marriage to the learned quote Master of the Order which was passed on Friday will connect with details if they were to help us that day. One NP one is listed today. one and this one is is it today's number 13 is different. Yes either number 13. Have you seen what I say? Well as 16 levels, they are similar in matters. In fact, both are related. Well, that is how the petitioners is in fact your employment 13 and 16 1616. Is my district collective? Yes. She did. Oh, 2021. He's he has you're in fact the issue was initially with with regards to taking the entry, revenue entry models so far as serial number is concerned, this pertains to revenue entry numbers. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What is the delay? The delay is in a moment there is 190 days delay, but it's in both the matters when India does not and that's when Devon Sharma would also apply for admission there is up for the state should notice on the delay condonation is also the appeal within within six weeks total makes it say what I'm obliged are we telling physical robots Yes. Number 14 Manos Yes. Okay. We go along with number 2014 is a civil application because the appellant has expired after filing of the claim before the loss of SOS see number 14 is C filed by the legal representatives of the deceased appellant to permit and to be brought on record your lawsuits. That is number 20. Number 14, is 20 2020 is a main appeal element of deliberation application models. model this case 20 bringing a skill or 14 to a woman LP IV along with a conversion My apologies. I stand corrected. Whatever it is. Find out more. They take good photos chohan the number 20 that's bid Jason boom judgment faster than any single judge. Whereas before a lot of spamming tender can either supernova after finding the valuable VIP Get your lips Yes. Jason builds admin password every single judge impugn before your Lordships wishes before a single judge will assist will appreciate para one to 14 added to the question of law that whether after I achieved the age of superannuation, could the disciplinary proceedings be continued? The only single date after deferring the honorable Supreme Court judgments as said yes. And as I must tell, you can see the latest segment of the honorable Supreme Court automatic. This is Mr. SAP, these views are correct, you were one to 14, I have no case my loss, I would like to take a loss from para 51 was I listened to oblige me by turning to my last page as my notes. This is why my notes page by page 14 para 14 para footnotes that is not informative. The position is very clear the disciplinary proceedings can continue if the service will supervise this para 15 is a reference to another supreme court judgment. Para 16 is also a reference to supreme court judgment 70. Another supreme court judgment 18 is a reference to the supreme court judgment. The facts comes in parallel it in my notes, I'd like to focus only on peril 90, it appeals to the honorable court with my loss permission. Mid para 19. page three my notes better 19 page three in the present case. Yes. It officer has very meticulously prepared the comprehensive inquiry report dealing with all the documents as well as irregularities committed by the petitioner. While this was in the FDS fixed deposits, receipts, bank checks demand just acceptor. The inquiry officer has dealt with the irregularity branch wise, which are committed by the petitioner when he was working as a branch manager. I would like to take a pause here. This is the reference to some facts. What is the grain of the offense committed? The irregularity committed by the petitioner must be due respect, I will submit my loss what was the case against me before the disciplinary proceedings? This accounts were opened? I was the senior manager from wherever the charges whatever the charges, yes, the inquiry, the default one record my loss. I mean, just let's persuade your last one was a case against me. I will take your losses from the charges My nose is already on record. Even the IEA report is also on record. My loss was a case against me was I had open views without the signatory approaching the branch generally most significantly, the person who opens the account has to approach the branch. The case against me was that without those persons actually physically visiting the branch accounts were open. I accepted the demand Duff's unis from the cooperative societies, where there was no proper resolution. So the accounts of cooperative societies were opened by me without proper resolution without proper authority of the COVID societies. There are the charges shows the charges, not minimum. So that is my first report on Chinese last Saturday as a gentleman with a colleague I just quoted, yes. Is there any any financial financial loss to the bank no loss no loss my loss that's precisely my case that there is no loss. What was the case against me depreciate the case against me was many demand just accept create open society see what demand does SME loans disbursed key against genuine human just have PHP PHP minus p for cooling. There is no financial loss my lats How would you the delay delay five days? appears five days only five days? Five days is applied. Yeah, I know we'll be bringing on record Have you find that? Yes your losses but I've never seen them incorporation be carried out within two weeks to us here to put or yes us 79 or appeal ratio no discovery. And you are Mr. Peavey marudhar mystery swasta Mr. Mishra Sir Yes, your losses are actually which was good for me with my last long Listen. Yes. Wait for publish. Next is government read the final exam Do you have a very decent? Okay, because the order passed by the learned single judges essentially rejecting my specialty will application the ground that I have changed the order passed by the learner tribunal after 20 years. But thanks, I'ma just point out to the honorable court I i understand what only facts evolution will come to your words. Yes, but 1952 mutation entry number 194. Whereby four parcels for survey numbers of private ownership were held to be of the state government erstwhile the state of Bombay, then what's the state of Gujarat, but this entry of 1952 or survey number 194 stood in the name of the state government. Yes, the roads this entry remained for more than 35 years, right by in the year 1988. The open and searing since it was a government land, they moved an application under 37 to this Was this your Lordships another 37 two is a full fledged inquiry by an officer because he claims to be an ownership of the land which as such is a government land. Now as he places on record, only an endorsement not an order and endorsement of erstwhile rule ruler of a particular area and claim that this is my lane of Torah, he says this is my lane, after a full fledged inquiry, considering the fact two facts in the favor of the state government one that this entry has remained for 35 years, every 10 years promulgation takes place, people are invited to give objections for 35 years you have not done anything. And straightaway you come and claim a parcel of land. And secondly, on the ground that a part of land in fact is now given by the deputy collector this very parcel of land to a third party there is an order of record, the deputy collector rejects that application against which an up appeal to the collector and in revision ultimately, he succeeds. Whereas this order of Division I have stated only in the year 2013 when an application for non agricultural purpose was given to the collector. We came to know about this proceedings ultimately having been culminated various succeeded. Therefore, we preferred a petition before the learned single judge. The learned single judge dismisses our petition on the grounds of delay, but the fact remains page 28 the preliminary inquiry if your Lordships are kindly to consider it's an order of deputy collector, my lord Justice athymic highly of page 28 What is this case? The best case you would find on page 28 See, this is his best case that in what manner he claims this land and on the basis of what documents that he chose etc am I with my words? Correct job he is in other words, when only then with cases that what are the General catona molecule mukhya dalkey gtmo Katara Nirvana manager jt rondi Vinay cariappa Luca mukhya rj outcome. Ernesto da Katana malikai. Survey number busto. No one who Aker but Reason number three is Jamal Pina de la vez una nemecek de la de tierra de cater Jamal B Dylan ricotta Mati Davao ticket ko TJ Current get a number thrown out register my panel number a good number. So in So, the lottery gauge and I will say our cater Jamal B de la Bulava De La Hoya Jamal p de la mangochi de la VG ko is Katina German Cheney and this is the best case. Now please consider the finding in the favor of the state government on page 28 team notes 28 he immediately after the references of framing of issues only I not take more diverse 10th line from top it starts from Tarik acre panchavati am I with mods a through panchavati cerca de la on summit ground record promulgation with a da de Montreuil a Manatee County Pani portraits are canon image Allah J. JT Soren Patrice was brand as our Canada hamari mil Cooper cup Gj chilla. Das were sobre Na Na Vila Kyla promulgation there is a weapon David Oh, thrifty mondo, luminati gotcha. Patras, ma k 12 Pathak mopod da vida quwata Mati an aperture SAP survey number Versace Italy's Becky aka Tony Jimmy Eat what a murder collector bonus cut a cut restonic as you know candy bar a patina painted, these are manually Donati numbers therefore on two grounds essential grounds, one for 35 years, you have not made any objection for every 10 years the promulgation takes place. Not only that, but prior to your 37 two appeals other 30 to 37 to application before the deputy collector in the year 1981. The land is in fact given on lease for a particular purpose, there also will have not objected. And that is how the matter stands not we succeeded before the deputy collector we succeed before the learned collector, the order in fact of the tribunal. Molas was never served upon the state authorities I've stated so it is only when an application for any game. We were aware about this order. And that is how we were under in petition before the Lord single judge. These are my experts. land has infected this is I wouldn't be able to pursue this estate Lancer. This absolutely state lands in a convert carry malaria syrup as a state religion. Yep, it does have a movie I agree with it. I understand what is falling from a lawsuit, why not take the premium and then regularize it rather than mad but then the core issue still remains not that this is a state land tax. That is what was in fact is the finding state is so large harder than the idea that there is a there was a contest even before both the authority smanos in this order for a moment was with us. We're not we would have certainly approved before the launch. If it is only when that any application came. You were contesting before the mamlatdar before the collector before the tribunal to be succeeded before the deputy collector before it is not that you are not aware of the proceedings. He did it surreptitiously and quietly and you are not aware. No, I am not alleging that. And then in 97, you are a party you contested the orders were passed against you. You had one from the difficulty and the collector Milo's then there is no exclusion, like it is up for the state appellate delay can appear in the shovel it was given this other day we have 344 days to detect unknown garbage. Let us single just dismiss the petition filed by the state on the grounds of serious latches of 22 years. The state filed the petition in 2019. Giving challenge to an order passed in 1997 by the Gujarat revenue problem. It is not the case of the state that it was not contesting the proceedings before the revenue courts. As a matter of fact, the state had won from the court of mamlatdar, the collector and the collector. However it lost before the GRT but despite the same we did not choose to challenge the order. As such in our opinion, the learner single judge rightly dismissed the repetition on the ground of serious lectures. We do not find any merit in this appeal to the coordinator dismissed. Yes Here number 17. But then also assisting one such issue is lack of data three years delay. I'm fine with a lot. But we're not the only submission to the honorable court as well. a bona fide purchaser came before the honorable court and submitted that when the end when I found the revenue record to be an old annual without restrictions or landlords I have purchased that land which was taken into review. And it was found that it was essentially a new tenant and there's no need to notice on the delay condonation will also be at that level within six weeks. I lubricate ambulating. Next was to meet Mexico City, Mexico mentioning console or Toronto's number, so you don't have to be over. Now we come to find Linda lovely Lily. was only we ordered me to hire them. Next year we did Mr. Ronald chohan. Mr. Doe today Mr. Mu. Know selling is the beach. One word was a john. Feel free below the risk leader for appeals lawyer? Yes. 2120. formula? Yes. They were appointed in 1992. Yes, on a fixed salary of 600. On the post of all the post of Molly, Mr. Gardner and laboratory boy and all these words, that's for their services. No, they were earlier they were on probation word, but there is no confirmation of their services. Anyone and all these blogs in 2005, Lord, yes. We you know, city passed in unison broad to regulate their services and place them in a regular pace Kilmer on 12 pipe to 2005. Not very good. Not Not this was subject to approval or sanctioned by the state government. brought on 362 1009. Yes, the the state government had taken a decision that the guest services to be regularized and this will be placed in a regular pay scale, paid near brewery acquisition. But all 362 1009 broad broad these renewals and do challenge before this honorable court we'll see page 35 of that regionalism road. Oh, one more challenge. Will I challenge that blood with the government regulator services from 362 1009 Road, but the learned single general granted Bennett pro from 1994. In the operative part as an Escalade of the judgement road Yes Mr Dupre there could be no snowboarding according to you the university and the government committed a mistake by extending now what was your last signal by July What is up can't get the Management Committee of usually say that this replacing they will page to that post from the date of the calculation in 1994 1112 13 with these changes made it very clear single agency does not personally see me see what happens is my entire service so make appointment cuz Let's be a worker. Now what was the procedure followed at the time of initial appointment My name then a Duke was selected we can bring their money c'est la vie before the date of completion Now who has filed his appeal? with Mr. JOHN is not what was the resolution of the University of 12th of may 2005. To grant them to regularize their services and placing the pay scale with the veteran Garmin learned single digit records that the university pass a resolution for conferring regular pay scale from the date of completion of provision period, he has not been there, there was no confirmation of Mr. chohan equinet is a resolution of the university or not Yes, yes, it is. Very well, then you don't need to challenge this order. No, no, just a your loss he will see more. The university gave the initial appointment on two years provision correct. and thereafter, you awarded the minimum pay scale in 2001. The Art of giving them regular pay scale, then you recommended for regularization from the date of completion of probation period of probation period would be from 1994 that is two years for apartment is the initial of 92 or 90 whatever with the relevant debt, they will continue as search blot on a probationary they are not confirmed what that who is at fault by not confirming them. lossy will similar, conformists must not Can you make the employee suffer because of your own inaction? We are helping the employees rated not that we immediately it 2000 by 3000. We knew so therefore, once you have as illusion that the employees may be regularized from the date of the completion of provision. They fall under singularity has it done it? No. It has not come in. Why should we? no direction is against me also, Lord, right. You comply with it and you get the one from the state government? No, no, no. No last but not least he approved the honorable court after 15 years from the day this visualising broad. He accepted everything and after 15 years 2009 load the petition is filed in 2014 load parcel was 14 years 18 years 2009 2014 together five years there was plenty not not a lot. Nearly 2009 to 2014 video files are produced on record. Only five years now. Not 515 years. 14 years. I didn't know that. Yes. Sorry. I'm poor and mathematics. Good. Yes, I am fluent in mathematics. Most recently, we are not against blood. What my submission is you're watching us your employees have continued with you for 928 years now help them. We are here. We can be granted from the date of filing of the petition of 2009 not pulled out to 1994 Lord, you have exploited them for so many years. Not immediately. diligently worked for you with sincerity and loyalty and you have continued them there's been nothing wrong in their working low blood there is no wrong blood. Loss you will similar. last four employees Mrs of one. We will not be impressed if you are a University of the state. We are ready to help them. We are ready to print. We are ready to grant all the benefits from 1994. Up pay them like it should add to one letter counsel. You are getting 400 john. Yes, I'm going to read on a date for honor john law counsel for the petitioner appellant Shree Vm dockray. notary lead counsel appearing for private respondent number one, another variable the state money in other words, But that's my notes. That way, you know either the GP for the status one and number two. This is an intra court appeal. Under clause 15 of the letter stated, sailing the correctness of by the no sorry Agricultural University, State University, assailing the correctness of the judgment and order dated February 2020, passed by the learned single judge in four repetitions, whereby the repetitions are allowed. And the private respondents, the result, petitioners, were extended the benefit of regularization from the date on which they completed their probation period. As per the resolution of the university itself, dated 12th of may 2005. We record in brief, that'd be original, the petitioners were appointed sometimes in 1992. And we're on probation on probation period of two years. But after they were to be given regular scale, let's talk However, callicarpa, they were under provision for two years. As lab assistant, Molly, the gardener positions on fixed pay of rupees 600. However, they were not given upon completion of the probation period. Later on the university wide circular dated 20th January 2001. order to pay minimum wages to the petitioners thereafter, the University recommended on 17th March 2005. For grant of Regulus PayScale. Finally, the board of the managing committee of the university passed a resolution dated 12th of may 2005. recommending the case of the petitioners, for grant of regular PayScale from the date of completion of probation period. Also, this resolution of the university was forwarded to the state government for its approval. The state government wide circular by Dr. dated 362 1009. Although granted some benefits to read petitioners, but it's applied its resolution dated 16th February 2006. And accordingly, said that from third of June 2009. The red petitioners would be on fixed pay for five years. No, I'm not telling you that not one minute. Only. We don't just happen at the Auto sorry at rupees 1500 per month and after completing five years, they would be given regular pay scale of rupees 2550 dash 3200 and that they would be covered by the new pension policy. It was this gr dated 362 1009 which was assailed by the petitioners in the forest petitions allowed the repetition. Set aside the conditions number 123 of the GR data 362 1009 and issued directions to the respondents to confer the benefit of the reckless PayScale to the petitioners. As per the resolution of the university dated 12th of may 2005. It further directs that the respondents to fix the retitle benefits accordingly, extending the benefits of regular pay scale from the date of completion of two year probation period. And all consequential benefits interview has to be paid. for the same purpose, it takes time was also granted. counsel for the appellant University has sought to contend that at best the learner single judge ought to have extended the benefit from the date of the judgment and not from the date on which the prohibition period was of two years was to be completed. Most have not considered opinion the university ought not to have preferred this A B. It was a university resolution which the Court upheld if at all, any grievance could be alleged, would be at the hands of the state and not at the hands of the university. These employees have worked with the university without any complaints, as they have been regularly continued, right from 1992. On fixed wages of rupees 600 per month after the selection, which in itself was exploitation by the University for so many years. When the original appointment of the petitioners clearly provided that they were on probation for two years, the University ought to have thereafter proceeded either to regularize this made them permanent, confirm their services or to have permitted their services. But the university continued to take their services. What's up? We did not find any error in the order pathways learned. The appeal lacks merit and is accordingly dismissed. Civil obligation stamps dispose of HR matters. HRM is a motivator. Not just me, I mean, me. So I'm not telling the condition satisfied by the learned single I'm not challenging the conditions satisfied by the learned single digit load is the what are you challenging? I am challenging granting the benefit from 1994 regeneratively also not satisfied by the learned single digit load, that digit also needed. 3629 is also not satisfied by the learned single digit code has satisfied the three conditions One, two and three. And that the university solution to be honored operation of all jacada You should be happy. Yes. Thank you. That's one word Mr. Patel. Yes Mr Patel This is one appeal in another matter also prefer an appeal which is not on board. So, what can be herded together lots of this pertains to Sanskrit and the other of the parties to the gujrati subject for assistant professors know what maybe are together Lordships because the there is harm walking on thin ice Actually, we are challenging the selection I am quite aware, but it is because of favoritism, Lordships whatever. We came to know velocity expert advisor who is conducting the interview selecting his own Dean, his own students. And this is very elaborately stated in the petition. We've we preferred RTI reply applications before several University wherein It is estimated that these Expert Advisors were conducting the interview and his own students have been selected there are RTI replies as well of the student themselves that I have studied under so and so, studied in a class of 50 students, how does it matter Mr. Patel? He was not there, either or they had a one to one interaction that that that's okay if somebody is because he is somebody who studied in a graduation class or in high secondary class or was your class will not make any difference that cannot be ignored. I'll also take my lawsuit through the proximity because their PhD is going on under this going on Lordships their PhD is going on and they have been selected. That is I would I would not I would not have prepared this appeal or insisted if somebody passed a PhD in 2014 15 and coming for an interview in 2018 2018. But their PhD is going on that is what the rk reply says no chips and the obon selected. The deal the Dean of the same university logic, the Somnath Sanskrit University, the Vice Chancellor, arachnids Audrey logic is the expert advisor that Dean punkers Robin is being selected for chimps How can they both are colleagues, two colleagues solution whose way the student teacher ratio different research scholar kizi guide is supervisor wrestling career selection reappointment Korea, the entire selection of a CV of merit panels in your divorce because it no favoritism by the way up. Then only for a minute. I'm seeking urgent matter at page 15 gentlemen calligraphic It was really coming to my Lordships query the written stay updated on the next day. Next week Lordships caliber has got the filing number is 948 lp a filing them a 948 of 2021 filing LPA 948 yes lots of 2018 with a registry accordingly Lordships Are there any objections? So far, I will to speak with backlash, but they will be removed Lordships very tomorrow 19th lucky with a G Patel counsel for the appellant Mr. De Ville is another team identically placed bidding filing LPR number 948 of 2021 which has still not been registered. As such, both the appeals may be listed to let both the appeals be listed on 19th January 2021. The counsel for appellant states that he would ensure that there are no office objections or any of your objections should be removed so that any of your sections in the filing LPA would be removed within 48 hours. There is one more request lawsuit only for a minute. If this record of this interview can be called for Lordships record of record is right near the camera next to nobly meliloti Yes. in cinema 26 is not getting the video. Yes. Please watch this beyond this just before my senior counsel starts, I would like to make a mention of No, no, but let me let me let me say something it's my application. I don't know whether you're a party or not. I am not saying you're not a party here. I I follow that. Let me let let me have some some mentioning with the only good i'm not saying against you anything just I would suppose my my grievance and might therefore I'm here before my loss. Sir, what is there the my learned friend is no way I have a wrong way also appears he appears as a counsel, but somehow he is not there. But so therefore, we are going with you is lm accountant. He is not a party to this MCA remind Mr. Soto Linda caca a believe that this number 26 is the content is on for compliance of the one order of Your Lordship sitting the Justice Party, right? That is with regard to that PCI psi exams. Selection board has said that we will reevaluate sumoto accordingly they have re evaluated and Lordships by order recording the consent of all the parties saying that the that newly published users will be implemented. Now by virtue of that my applicants who have preferred the recall and review of that order, my clients who are working since three years psi with no part of them now would be demoted to the post of a constable How are you concerned with this? Now are you are not a party in those proceedings? You are not here when I was there party there? I very well, your party Well, you are a party there and there was an order by consent and you You are also qualified, but therefore consent is not given by me that was therefore the particular statement and amendment which affidavits said MCA is fine is MCA my MCA is filed on 25th November. These matters, this is an order fast on Milady 21st of October 2020, kindly CPH nine nine and melotte at 11 is the date 21st of October then please see page 13 v accordingly para five v accordingly set aside the order passed by the learned single judge in Pune in the present appeals and dispose of the present appeal says also the repetitions with a direction that the new result after re evaluation as a test with the affidavit in reply may be implemented forthwith by the selection board. Miss Manisha law Kumar, government reader upon instruction states that the implementation would take three to four weeks, we accordingly grant one month time for the same purpose and will not this is not yet implemented and therefore I'm here before my lords, if they have any grievance with the order, they have milada ways and means they have remedies Milan but here I am on a short point that this is required to be implemented for weeks time was there and the Lord This is the 21st October 2020 order very melodic everybody up here knows that that's what I'm pointing out I'm sorry. interfering, sir. What at what has happened the applicant he is not a party here I'm not concerned with him. I'm only concerned with the with the state authorities to which the directions were issued. But therefore, if if the direction is now under the procedures a contempt is implemented, my entire emcee for the call would be frustrated and the future of 52 FPS eyes would be dark. And will not this was not a SWOT moto revaluation this time sorry. Finally kindly see Milan. My friend is not having Milan. Yes, yes, it is. It was the SU Please don't shout out. When I'm saying something I'm not shouting please don't shout, please. PAGE 17 This is my lords first order page 17 I am pleased that on record, phase 90 heard so and so assisted by so and so, and will not then bear to miss Manisha la Kumar government GP has made a statement that the service selection board would get the answer sheets of all the answer sheets of English and Gujarati paper only with respect to the questions giving choice strictly as per the instruction mentioned in the question paper and submit a report to the scope of the outcome of the state re evaluation it was on the direction of my lords will ultimately No, no, no, no, I'm sorry, a statement was made? or whatever it was, how does it matter if you have to comply with it? That is what I am I'm not saying that only my request before my lords is if this content is different for 15 days, in Meanwhile, on administrative side if Lordships play directs the registry to place the matter before your last sitting with justice Paddy Wallah, then sir Mike, I can I can see on marriage because no party would give consent in this paragraph or of that particular order in the consent is there what happens or I just broadly say, initially, my clients were being represented by Mr. Carrier at the time when this matter was finally heard. Mr. Carroll was elevated to the bench. So therefore, his colleague, Mr. alphas, Rocky appeared on request about time, but it was so happen that Mr. Lamar has published The report said that everything is there. Yes, my, my learned friend today would have no objection, because it is his on his request, it is to be done. So therefore, today, my limited required to prayer before my lords is said this content would be before can be deferred for 1520 days. In the meanwhile, on administrative side, my dear I request My Lord, needle metal, supposing you your application is rejected or whatever happened? Supposing the order is set aside the division majorda and it is modified or whatever happened? Yeah, that's ultimately one of this, why are you worried? So what you're finding application, why should they be withholding the compliance, but because in compliance that to my clients will be devoted, so much, if you are devoted, you will come back again, if you will, again, the difficulty would be therefore, therefore, my beneficiary over wrong calculation of marking correct. It was not it was not their process. Yes. That is why the London government cheated on its own said that we will correct it. Therefore, therefore, it was the direction as we said, already, we were evaluated combat was. So I have taken instruction from my clients who are sitting there. Therefore, the actual endpoint of the demo I have taken objects like is that too, but that my lord has said that let them compete that evolution will take interest will protect the interest of our clients. So therefore, I don't I don't I am not against that those people are not going to be given any advertisement or any, any service benefits. Only thing is that today I am after serving three years, my entire future would be better if you have been selected on a wrong calculation of marks, maybe you have served for 10 years, somebody who is more deserving and is related and then above you in the married, he will be appointed, at least for that not seen before that I am required to be on merits because it's gonna be hard. They're not in the contract proceedings. But then I'm not saying that it will be heard during the contemporaneous proceedings. What I am requesting is the notice will go for four weeks returnable date, in the meantime, you pursue your application. My opinion would be even if the compliance reporting the data is satisfied or modified, when they're not compliant, again, only requests would be served only requests would be once a notice will go the state with a view to just a shot from the content duty immediately implemented and that they should have implemented otherwise we will punish them for contempt. Why has it not implemented so far? I understand lawsuits I understand the difficulty would be sir today Lord Shiva, kindly, kindly kindly have nothing to say here in the contempt proceeding. I am not I don't want to make a comment on merits on the controversy only my request would be kindly before these proceedings for two weeks and in the meanwhile, in the meanwhile, loss upon admission to sign direct the my MC to be heard before my lords usually challenge the decision of the state or the revaluation associate. You did not challenge it. Why do you did not challenge it? Because Because October order was done much earlier. Why didn't I point out on that? Because Because the revelation statement made by Mr. Kumar at relevant point of time, as he then was Mr. Carrier was appealing he objected to at that time. Logic was of the opinion saying that you let them come will protect the interest as well. I want to see what was in February March. But at that time at that time, no one's really evaluation resulted. But that after results come by that time my lawyer was appointed that I could not give any effective representation what his party's because it was his Lordships his intent that body of Tada. We have heard Sri Sri say that, okay. This is by Mr. To to Parliament learned counsel for the applicant. You should notice returnable within four weeks list on the date mentioned in the notice. It would however, be open to the opposite parties to ensure compliance of the directions of the division. In the meantime, Mr. noodle Mehta advocate has appeared not on behalf of any configured opposite party, but on behalf of certain psi, who according to him would be devoted to Head constable. The result is complied with no matter there's no locus to be here in the prelim contempt proceedings and he will pursue his application for recall oblique modification or review as the case may be. Before the division bench. Ameriquest lastly only one thing if lawsuit permits, yes. Let him finish first. Yes, yes. In the meanwhile, if my request needs to be considered that distribute side that placing the placing the metal before my laws, because the Constitution of the bands would be there. So, therefore, on the upside, you have to approach the ratio judicial with your request and he will place it with what we were appropriate for the venue will be forwarded for that. But if that can be saved to the register tradition, otherwise not if that, but that can be saved over to the research we should to do that they can be placed as early as possible before my loss so that we are in a court proceedings. We are not here talking across the room or in my office in my chamber. I don't pass on says orders like this. I'm sorry, whatever you try to remember everything and party one is whenever and when you want I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I live it here. I live here. How you better leave it there. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yes. Medical user, these ones I'm obliged for your patients direct service without direct direct service may be granted the notice a good care content we noticed when you're fixing then wider service very well. Mr. Game shit. That was a legendary Will you please? Yes, because it yes, we are here the petitioner who is the author of the ethical landlord of Formula single Miller of District burrows Wheeler, where we are in 2000 things government and indeed to acquire the land for the public purpose, you're likely not below the section for publish on 10 August 2006. And we'll order section six declare on 28 may 2007. And below the one of the 611 declared on 22nd, pre 2900. And avoided mo has been awarded to the present it is number one lotter. And on the date of this award, the purchaser of the land have been taken by the respondent for done and by the project. Now after eight months below the remaining landlord, I have sold the land to the petitioner number two. Now in the revenue record. There milada about the equivalent is not muted in Milan. Therefore the whole area has been mentioned in the deed Now what happened in 2012 some of the claimants of the st equitation reflect approved the reference to Section 80 weather reference yes PST 2030 is marked without regular annual not awarded the amount of competition their formula the present petitioner head made Africa and after 28 a tutor is fallen below normal that is what was just said you have transferred December 2009 Yes What did you have to transfer the land when it was already acquired in 2006 and how are you claiming 20 a day the sale did in fact cover the entire parcel this week also include the acquired land is ideal he could not have done after the land acquisition proceedings as your dues you have received compensation under the award and you have also received consideration under this ad if I am what is the number one thing so lab misses here good I'm not I'm not able to hear me now can you hear us loud I'm not able to hear me now can you hear us no I'm sorry you connect again then I'm sorry I'm not a I'm not here to Milan Milan I'm sorry. I'm not able to hear you connect again. I'm sorry I'm not able to hear mullet very busy to rejoin after leaving it must be carbon Guardian I'm floating with it I have not able to simulate it they may be nice or memorable to me I'm sorry invalid ram able to simulate but I'm not able to hear me on radio of curriculum but I'm not able to hear this floating around. connector in link below. Yes, yes. Can you hear me? Yes. No, no see me. We can hear you. You can hear us. Now guys, six and 20 rejected underground bases infill? You're done. Yes. Not 21 they're devastated demola bait number 22. The relevant article 22 paragraph, last paragraph. When we look at this number High Court now first appeal number to zero to one Got 8222 t so in Sona Tarik participates hola to Qatar poker number charmi we go to Alex malita Kala de cada Cadena Ani Abdul Hameed, a zombie Sadie Jami which I converted a carriage return at a loss and therefore kindly turn to the auditor plasma division made up this quarter, as per the section phones, as well, yeah, paragraph four of the case. Now, that is the case, basic base number seven, the order passed by this on a dividend banknote on this day reliable. Now, this is the first appeal paid for by the state government for the claimants was approved the reference under Section 18. And their formula, paragraph forestomach. I see in in the result, these appeals are partly alone, the judgment and a word of the reference court is modified to the the claimants are entitled to 15 per square meter, as it is among competition or the other therefore, from 230 to the disorder reduced to 215 that is for the claimant who made referee under Section 18 but what measurement here notice that it did I'm not entered to win no I'm I'm enter the what is the reduction of this division mankad below, where is the question not to gameloot section 11 or one path in my favor Milla matamoras is paid to me and there is at number two Milan, he has stated before this court is also parking lot, they stated that he had not taken the position of the land which is acquired, the land is already acquired by the government, there is already constraints on cannot do. So, it is not the case of the government that they are not able to get the competition competition number two, because at the time of I bought them legislation already taken by the respondent glomming load and after you are in 236 Alright, now, you have executed a sale deed on this on this date, yes, yes on Milad seven December 2009 and the airport pass under Section 11 on 22nd April 2009. Now what I did you have to do this indeed I have the expiration date of the remaining land will not this language it is not the case of the government that they are not taken up they have already taken the portion of the equation and now remaining Angular how it's turned out to be number two, but they want to report the whole area has been mentioned as there is no shortage in the revenue report. Therefore instead it is mentioned the whole area but it is specifically mentioned we don't end there that is number two so no no no I'm not pocketing The money will last the mechanics a specific hour My mother is number two we fall or similar. Yasser meganisi page number where he has stated married that I have not pocketed the money to his party before this court Milan eight number 12. Messi married Villa elega stated that it is the two has not taken the position of the island anyways don't action alright. He's only ever made he will listen space my learner's read read overwhelmed only the remaining part of the order witness prior to that there is an observation made by the authority that this is an entire Mallis parcel of land which is most out of which which also covers the acquired land. So this they could not have told Well, that is what my time off is the submissions to the verifier from the recordings when taken and this kind of also today, then we'll go to the caves General Counsel for the petitioner and Mr. P protect learned a GP for the state. For advanced copy. Miss protect waves notice. First up later counter video will be filed within four weeks. petitioner will have two weeks thereafter to file reorder affidavit list after expiry of the aforesaid period. Primary questions I may be upon number one, for verbal I will be pleased for number two recognition it is special and acquisition Officer narmala project Miss ephemeris no good. Let's go to server one and one just wanted to follow the same. Rule number two. Number 28 is a similar matters same interior order but the 28 where we say motor could be either 5 million or number 200 to 30 now Yes please, because this kind permission of the honorable court was named mentioned the macrumors which was in porquerolles in very mylanta fuzzy order, because I have taken specific instructions from the investor, employer image from the instructing office and most have been informed that so far as the payment of areas is concerned because it is already made to the respondents. Apart from that metals, the notices matters which were issued matters for recovery they have also been cancelled with their forwarded to orders to that effect sparked by this honorable court in those civil applications to the learned postmaster is there the observation is also made to the subsequent order which is subsequent to the order which was passed on 22nd October 2020. With these two orders were packed with very new honorable quotas take a note of the fact that the payment is made as well as these notices have been cancelled, because now the only aspect which has remained for consideration is with respect to the GPF account opening. Those orders have been caught in separate proceedings against building civil applications was forwarded to orders This one was filed in the civil application. Yes, in several applications, these two orders were passed wherein the honorable court had taken note of the fact that so far as the notices which were issued whereas for recovery, they were cancelled. And the other order also might not we'll find that is an order which is passed in the contempt application itself that is dated sixth of November 2020 is there in fact, we had made a statement that the payment is made in favor of all the applicants. Now the question remains with respect to the GPF account. So for a DCF account is concerned with their various technical eatables on the part of the authorities in compliance this life because what is the date of appointment of these applicants are borrowed from 1995 and 10 years well, counting there to where is the portion to the gr of this of the department, what is the they would not be in a position to open the GPS account? We had preferred latest pick a topic also very noticeable. This aspect was clarified by the honorable corporals and also forwarded the order passed in the latest between juppy was there the honorable code in paragraph 13 of the LP order Mills, the entrepreneur to absorb if I may be permitted to take the honorable court to paragraph 13 of the order policy in LPs is heavily Have a copy of order, because I have also forwarded that to the London postmaster as well. There is no order of 13 papers in LPA, dated 392 1020. Please manage. That is yes, I'm sorry, Medina forwarded the Enter order to the learned code master with this is under order. And I'm sorry, Miss paragraph 13. It was it was air forwarded LP order as well as the order number. Yes, it's the number 49. That is only three paragraphs and 30 less English 13 paragraphs, whatever. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, because I mixed up to water. My mistake on mindmeld. The LRP order is a two page order bylaws, we'll find it paragraph tomorrow. submitted yet and then I'm extremely sorry. The limited submission advanced by Mr. Dawei learning assistant comment related to the effect that always a claim of workmen on their own was that their appointment was from 1711 1995. However, on account of bona fide mistakes too many benefits have been extended with effect from one 190 92 Mr. Davi submitted to the extent the benefit may be extended to them be deferred from 1711 1995 and not from one 119 92. Mr. Mr. Kishan Gaviria learned counsel for the respondent workman admits that the claim set out by the workman was from the initial appointment with effect from 1711 1995 from 17 1190 90% of which we consider their marriage data for pointment 10 years would be completed in 2005 on account of the government resolution measures, it will be very difficult for the author because post 2005 was a GPS scheme was merely substituted by the CPF scheme. So, there is a that is obras there is some hitch on our partners that we could not open the GPF account. This is all not we are also we are also in order straightaway simple. It means we are also in the process of this we are also in the process of moving a clarification MERS application in this ms lt order which was passed by the honorable division because for clarification and modification of the order, because on account of this H only matters we cannot open the GPF account. Otherwise, the rest of the audit is already complied with. What is the hitch reveal to understand the hitch pursuant to the GR MC, which is issued by the state government mirrors the GPS scheme in March 2005. And what is the general? Yes, most In fact, by way of these gr mirrors, in fact the GPS scheme is done away with and now it will be substituted by the CPF scheme. And and the date of appointment of these petitioners these will be considered from 1711 1995 models then that gr will come into play. The deal will come into play because this portion to that man is in fact the benefits. But as of retirement benefits under the GPF team will gather we are required to better proceed under the GPF scheme or CPF scheme. That would be the question is a new pension scheme matters under the CPF scheme that will apply to employees who are appointed after 2005 not prior to it. It is in fact the law that single judges have taken into consideration that this year was would not apply because their data for payments or from 1992 which is otherwise clarified by my lords order matters. And it is also it is not disputed by my learned friend that their appointments are from 1995 even 9095 however, we are going to be applicable to them this way because then ideally, they can't apply the GPF pension scheme in case of the applicants will they have to either make up for contributory pensions, which funds according to you they're 10 years old or completed in November 2005. So that they complete their qualifying period of 10 years correct me but they want their treated to be voted on number 95 Yes, but that is not apply, they will go on by the old pension scheme. So the idea of March. advise your clients not to create any further real as it is they are in deep contempt. In the first contempt matter and the second matter when they should notice is what recovery is what gives them the court As I have pointed out two additional days, those notices were withdrawn by subsequent notices. I am listening, I apologize. If it proceeding against them, they are trying to help them at every stage. Even in the first contempt orders, they did not comply, the court continued to pass orders they purposeful appearance. After they had the courage to issue notices against the petitioners to record an amount of them, there can't be any personal raising again previously, that 2005 gr would be applicable to them when they were appointed in 1995, how's the GR applicable? Unfortunately, there's even a window where LPA was not being heard. But we could not clarify these aspects further before Milord. Well, that is a we are in the process of malice, moving the NCAA for clarification and modification of that order to ensure compliance and you keep moving any number of MCs review applications or modifications where you wish to file to ensure compliance within the next week, and we'll have having this matter on Monday. Next. I want to have everything ready when my lords have in fact, passed the order for framing of charges, but that I may request that at this stage, whereas it may not be considered. This morning, my logic, my logic in the morning was dictated the order I requested the time to revert back at 230. Yes, and therefore, I am this at this stage. I am only pointing out the taxpayer. If you don't mind any evidence, there is nothing on the court to say it is only your oral instructions. Your officers think that they can make a phone call to you and get away with the court. No, certainly not. The judges on the next day and we will proceed further. If I may request this right, let me put it by the orphan epidemic before this honorable court. As I understand it was on 22nd October 2020. Thereafter, there are two orders which are pathetic, that are forwarded those two orders. Right, but even filed by the officers. Why don't we put him on the court we want to stand certainly not met as we were required to file the affidavit. I can't run away from that aspect. But but the earlier benches have taken note of the aspect that first of all the notices for recovery have been withdrawn, they have been cancelled. And the second aspect is also that the payment of videos is made. So but it's quite debt at least there is there is addiction, the the the order dictated in the money would not be containing correct facts. That correct. I'm obliged and then so far as the GPS aspect is concerned after 10 years, but as they can be entitled to millions open the account of pension. So debt is over. Since this gr would come into play that is what was ikuti perspective, or it is perspective. It is perspective perspective. So anyone appointed after 2005 would be covered by this era of CPF mcnelis. In fact, if if an employee completes Daniel's have missed pensionable service because it stagnates entitlement that is a qualifying period of 10 years that you have to work for a minimum of 10 years to become eligible for getting pension that is the qualifying period for getting being becoming eligible for pension that has nothing to do with your date of appointment. It is isolated by reopen affidavits. So for that aspect is the one order review. So we will order in scope consider view which is this correct that they have canceled the recovery notice as such nothing has been communicated to me but they have made a statement before this honorable that is recorded in the order I have the communication also matters to that effect. You don't file affidavits and therefore nothing comes on record. I have been filed so many times I got into trouble because of such statements on oral instructions. Yes, I do get it but it's and Ms. I ensure that on the negative especially in content matters. Don't get everything in writing get them file an affidavit please, these officers were able to save their own skin. Nice. Lucky we have relented counsel for the applicant and Mr. Booty protect Leonard AGP for the state responded in the order dated 211 2020 it is recorded that the entire amount would be deposited on or before 611 2020. And secondly, the notice for recovery was cancelled. What's so good also refers to some review application being filed in the LPA, which was disposed off on three 920 20. The court directed that if by sixth November 2020. There is failure to deposit the amount, the opposite party number one would remain present funds sixth of November 2020. The order records that according to the statement made by the learner DGP, the amount has already been disbursed in favor of all the six applicants. Time for verification was given and the matter was adjourned to third of December. Thereafter, the matter has not been listed so far. I said on third of December the model was destroyed but it was good to be destroyed before the winch before the bench. Mr. Garcia, one thing has been deposited to your account you're not just to release for granted GPS in areas areas have been paid areas have been paid. Next, Mr. Gowdy, I learned counsel for the African states that insofar as areas is concerned, the set amount has been deposited in the account of the applicants. For the submitted again so far of cancellation of notices regarding notice is concerned, nothing has been communicated so far in writing to the applicants. It is next submitted by Chicago area that the other relief granted regarding GPF has just not been granted so far. judgement of the learned single judge is off September 2019. On details in the contempt proceedings was taken in February 2020. It's still date compliance of the judgment has not been made. We also find from the order sheet that this court had passed orders directing personal appearance of the opposite party. Upon failure to ensure compliance. Today, Miss Parker learned he has read for some time on the ground that some modification of the review application is being filed in the LPA. decided on three 920 21st off filing of an application for review Your modification cannot be taken as a crown, not to ensure compliance will be determined we'll learn single that fast in September 2019 and the LPA disposed of on third September 2020. In the event of any modification in the order of GLP compliant protect always subject to change, but cannot give a handle to the state to not implement the order of the singles that are there because we find from the order sheet that the conduct of the of the parties have not been one of it in the office of the 123 to reveal present framing of charges. It would be open to the other body to ensure full compliance for the route of complete compliance by the new state. So, the factual predicate there's only one clarification was the we have yet not filed the review application we are in the process of that is our manager observing the order that we have filed with Ms inspector which I had submitted that we have not filed we're in the process of the process of filing me remember, this window has stated that filing a review in the LPA two months I've worked late LPA minowa Review has been filed according to you comply and you keep filing review who stops you from filing alright on fifth of February and personal appears to be there for framing of charges please do not smelly yes now we have one matter add field number three for 230 right when we're done one minute one mil today aka MP Miss Mr Diwan? Yes miss me, Miss Mr. Malhotra. Amir taqwa is here. Today is not there. If you're coming from another ID he was important. But I am led by Mr. Vyas is here already. Yes. I'm sorry. Yes. It would be very real, if I may say so. So first present a police concern. No, no, it was a journey in the morning on his request only Yes. He is trying to get in the link. I will admit him shortly. meantime we can proceed with the last matter. Just make sure that you send the link to him again. This is your appeal is an appeal by nurse Competition Commission of India nurse body created under Section seven of the Competition Act mirrors. mirrors the object mirrors behind the act mirrors the legislative intent is to examine object there is fair competition also to illuminate certain aspects which are which are enumerated in the act itself. Honorable f1 score also had an occasion to deal with objection, the functioning of the Commission, but not in nutshell. The controversy Milanese lies can be summarized in a very few words, as per the provision of the Competition Commission of India Minaj is to restart certain functions. And we're not certain duties which are imposed on it under Section 18 minutes. So if the honorable parties can you permit me to read limulus point out those aspects first? Yes, yes. It basically Minot says that subject to provisions of the act itself the duty of the Commission, to eliminate practices having adverse effect on competition, promoting sustained competition, protect the interest of consumers and ensure freedom of trade carried out by other participants in the market in India. So there are various facets sweeteners, which are enumerated in Section three, Section four etc. Now, section 19 says that whenever mynott some alleged contravention information is received, either by yourself 

