Mike come to manage pay which means fine No problem is fine Yes What is this matter we have claimed deduction under ATP 2d of the Act which was exempted at the original assessment stage and they are this is nothing but re appreciating of the facts and it is reopening beyond a period of four years. But what do you have to say for the two for submission? So, first of all you have to ascertain whether at the original stage this issue has gone into number one number two, the sexual itself is very clear that ATP to deduction is not available in respect of interest received from cooperative banks, it is only restricted to interest received from cooperative societies are number three deduction was shown in the return Mr. Yes, yes. VDP deduction was shown in the return Yes. And, and also allowed. It will allow and, but our submission is broad the information can come within the record as well as for the settler position of law. Or what can be done is of course, because we have only day before yesterday received a copy of the petition, we'll put in a response. Pick one Yeah, good. Somali. Yes. Mr. Bird, what is your argument? As I said probably two days back we got a copy of the petition. I was struggling to check whether under what head this one today launch in two weeks, two weeks for Shri Manish what level Senior Counsel appearing for the respondent department raise for example, two weeks time to file counter affidavit. ethnicity and because otherwise obtain instructions in the matter. Internal listener kindly be extended, don't worry. Let this matter type read what is allowed, let this matter registered again on 31st, December 2020. The interim order granted earlier to continue to further orders, not further orders. I want to make another request that's not pertaining to this matter, the request is not pertaining to this matter. And I understand these inappropriate to make a request out of turn, but it is with respect to serial number 49. It's a civil application that has been filed because the applicant's bank accounts have been attached to all the bank accounts have been attached including the cash to the accounting logics and at present he is facing severe financial crisis and undergoing medical emergencies and is unable to pay his bills your logic data you only want the data to be fixed right for the main matter. This is this is an application for seeking add into them leave that in the But Miss spring the main matter is not on road today only vacation is on it has not been listed along with a single application. I bought them it is in in shed basically it is not there on the board today your largest main man does this matter them with the civil application 49 What did you want lunch either tomorrow or day after lunch it is publicly facing severe financial crisis is much more severe financial crises and able to pay lawyers are facing severe financial crisis but he is unable to pay his medical bills also endured experience during this pandemic times it is a finding it very difficult he ultimately found that a Caesar was always with the department pay all the bills larger to then have to suffer illogical on humanitarian grounds and seeking this. I mentioned he was having some default on his part because of his his accounts have been seized. The thing is, I have no notice he should no order nothing illogic may request for two more on top of the board or because it has been filed in September and due to paucity of time it has not been taken up the logic will take around seven seven would be to to longer take your losses. Maybe your there are countries This is August on August 28. Today no matter no matter was being listed they every every frequently but due to paucity of time it was not taken up and that is the reason I mentioned earlier you never made any mention. But there was no alternative. This matter has been taken up out of turn upon mentioned being made by Miss February. Expressing urgency. We have heard that the bank accounts including cache limit of the petitioner has been seized. For the submitted that the petitioner is also going and severe is also facing a lot of expenses account of his medical condition. Let the main matter registered on the top 10 cases on seventh December 2020. The this application is for listing No not yet this is a seeking editor emulate that in the main the main matter we listed on seventh. The topic is deeply obliging maybe legal but you also see This income tax returns the estimator GST, GST. Advanced copy to Mr. Davi Mandy standing on top of the junk Yes. That is metal next to Tron which is alright we'll take it up a little later mainly logic. Yes. Show me the way Montanes ready? What's up? Yes you might guess mute Mr. Daniel Mr. Kumar the learned Advocate General would be addressing the honorable court is I admitted him but he is now joining us Yes, ready regard radio audio not covered by audio not Yes. Not I I quite blocked. See the anxiety of my lords below. The position of the government is just like below that of the brainstem lead in sexually as flame Lord, not bad that we need to address this issue. Of course we don't know since last three days without we have been watching without there is a marginal decline in terms of the Lord. So many markers without in the matter of supply of oxygen in the metro without the receipt of calls for 108104. Even nine case of backup occupancy, even without in the number of Milad die usage of rent disappears injections will hopefully be lowered by by next Monday. The position should be without greatly improved at all. I was just wondering, we don't if it can be posted. We're not on Monday, then I live it to my lords. We also will not started strictly stricter implementation of Ballade da vo posted not police personnel not at every four roads to see that without the people are educated and people are requested to see that if by chance they are found without not wearing the mask. But nevertheless I leave it to my last. Maybe we could not take I'm not decision we're not in so many words because the anxiety of the government is About not below the implementation, but but the post implementation a lot how to below. I just will not be very candid to share an example, supposing you log on my four roles without four people have been found not wearing the mask, maybe intermediate level. Now I'm allowed to ask them that I may give a challenge where you are to go for a community service for 10 days, fair enough, nothing wrong in it below. But to see that those each one of them has gone for this particular service to keep below drag thereafter, non government people are wondering how to do not see that effective implementation can be maintained as the only anxiety because we need to identify first flow places where we know these people can be sent to community services, number one, number two, we know we need to see that we have the addresses of each one of them who is being without God, not wearing the mask. And, Lord, we need to have you know, some kind of machinery to see that those people have in fact gone to those places for entering Community Services. We've given a chance below let us see that our efforts which are being put in today below till next Monday, otherwise we'll on volunteer to say that block by laws were passed the audit will know that by Monday you will have a mechanism set up for how to deal with these load we had a we had a brainstorming sessions will ultimately be could not because today most of the staff is engaged belong in the right kind of services below to put additional staff or the bubbles of below detecting whether this decision is being implemented properly or not is going to be a memo job below. Why understand below the and appreciate the anxiety of all the concern when given a choice. I also wish a crucial time is now quite soon, I quite soon because if you check it now and people get sensitized and more responsible now, it's going to help. One week later either a situation will worsen or it would have improved and it will not be required. So if today you are not willing to take this call, then apology. After one week, we will not at all consider this aspect if we decide to enter orders today. While also right below their formula, we took the statistics below in terms of below receipt of calls for 108 and one zero for these last three days there is a decline. In terms of supply of oxygen below we have what below our full service communication service whereby we know that each of the hospitals is using how much oxygen that quantity is also reduced below since last three days. So is the case with the security What has this to do with nominal implementation of wearing of masks. I quite see if the supply of oxygen has declined if y'all have started receiving calls, this could be for many other reasons I quite suitable, quite safe but not like to avail any of your services in the present scenario. But as my Lord pointed out, this is a crucial time. If you are able to take things in control at this very point of time, maybe you will find good results within a period of two weeks or three weeks. And it is up to you to work out the modalities for the purpose of implementation of this directions merely by giving a jalon your purpose is not going to dissolve there has to be some agency to ensure that that particular default goes to a particular center and he starts rendering the services. The whole idea in mind is to create the details as we discussed the other day. in hospitals situation maybe a bit okay fine, compared to last week also watching but this is like a man has a temperature offset 104 degrees is not predictable or is it has come down 202. Now 102 if we do something it can be taken down. Below these two factors appear to be will not working fine, just normal are number one the curfew after nine o'clock and number two below very, very strict surveillance and implementation so far is below the reading of the masses concern which we will increase our efforts since last three days only, you know, you just wonder All right, ready we'll pass appropriate orders. Watch, we noted your submission that the state is not in a position to make a decision and the state is not able to decide the modality and the mechanism as to how to deal with it. We will see what can be done they live it to my lips Can I can I'm not submit something? Yes, we're definitely not as far as the predicament on part of state for implementation exhibition is concerned about my not making this petition pending lots of my automatic will seek a status report as far as the school is concerned. And then if there is any difficulty minutes, the wisdom and the guidance of this on utilize notes at any given point of time in future notes. If that can be done, we are not disposing of his battery, we will pass appropriate orders and then accordingly, you will get the order a couple of days at the earliest maybe tomorrow down the line it is here to stay and the numbers are going to fluctuate up and down. That's why as no one is divided one is the virus the viruses outside and viruses inside the code. Please, pursuant to our order dated 2711 2020. We have heard the petitioner in person how much we can already learned Advocate General along with this Mashallah Kumar, learning government freedom for the state response. Put up for orders tomorrow. The sooner we get the better it is maybe if he showed you some directions, the states would implement it immediately. And guess what is going on? It says both of us get three of the All right, thank you. Maybe let me know It was funny. So the way in which we are getting at this better clean man than a pyramid. Yeah, I mean, you're doing good. You're right. Yes here not CFCs This is under the detention law that is present in detention. Now. What have you done? I have surrendered? Yes for the order passed by the honorable court or is there a pre education petition? The water was said before the loneliest single judge there apply prefer LPA the honorable court is directed that you surrender Therefore, I surrendered. And then after having served the water of detention, which I produced on the court, sir. Now, the order of detention with the grounds are on record, yes, they are on record. So, I have sent them now you just tell give us few days. Yes. You came, you came before the learned single judge at the stage of pre execution, lots of business on which date Did you prefer the application to the written application on anyway 127 July saying that you are apprehending preventive detention Yes, yeah. Yes, yeah. And one bad day itself, the person from the department came to sell the water of detention, I was out there. Now just tell us one thing proximity what is the date of the acquire lodged against you and the other code at 23 2020? Sir. Now, the second matter also you are appearing, yes, me appearing at the cocoa pod tenure. So there are two detain us before us today. Lots of bridges and indie fitr both have been named Yes, both have been named. But for and about these to detain us, are there any other quake used in the fire? Yes, there are total fire crews against us for the detention order these past pass we are not concerned with that present concern with these two appeals, correct? Yes. Yes. Therefore, a fire came to be launched on 12th Of March 2020 for the offenses under under Section 424 06. And under the essential commodities act. Essential commodities act Yes. Now, it appears that y'all prayed for anticipate with Yes, I pray for anticipatory bill both in return you spread this detail you prayed for ntcp tremella 30 Jenny was arrested he was sent a regular bill. So, this larger mangilao daily prayed for anticipate lots of disease and he was granted anticipate yes 118 for 2020 8484 83 2020 Okay, now after grant of anticipatory bail that is on 18th April 2020. On 26th of July 2020, the honor of detention was passed very large, right. And the second code is that the code detain you, he was released on bail on which day? Yes on 27th March 2020. Okay, so that means 2012 March 2020 is the fire anticipatory boil order 18 April 2020 regular bail 27th March 2020 order of detention is 26th of July 2020. Your rate application is 27th of July 2020. The order passed by the learned single judge is 29. September 2020. Correct lots of lots of disease and this is only one case. I guess you wonder one case and what are the charges of essential commodities violation? No, I was a contractor that goods have been given by my travel to the Philippines. Number five. Therefore, being a contractor, I have been here and I said, Good. What are the details you have is one a rent is an equity in the fire, sir. Fine. Now what about the petitioner that it is that He's the owner of the goods we have purchased the goods from Punjab and Haryana? That is the wheat. Yay. On which day y'all surrendered both of you. 13. We were arrested on 13th Of March 12. is they fit under the provincial law? Yes, yes, yes, yes. 16th October 16. October 16. October 20. Y'all surrendered right now we'll put this question to Mr. Davi. On 16th October when you all surrender that means to the order of detention could be said to have been executed. Now Mr. Dawei within three weeks from 16th October you have to refer the matter to the advisory board. It has been referred and may not the client of mine dotnet senior Mr. Goswami had also preferred an application on for serial number one that is random monkey lol tele the application was preferred on 24th of October 2020. Why not? For cancellation of this detention order representation? Yeah representation and has it been disposed of by our comments were being called for actually manners when the matter was there on board we received other notice very late. So that is been waiting, please man. Keep 16th October 2020 in mind, please manner within three weeks you are supposed to refer the matter to the advisory board placement. Keep this in mind placement and within seven weeks from the date of honor of retention claimant forget about July from the date when they surrender prevent the detain you is actually detained. Right. The Advisory Board has to take a call placement this seven weeks will expire on which date from 16th October 2020 claimer if you have to calculate seven weeks from 16th October 2008 will which will be the day Please now in a moment and on seventh of December 7 of December okay. You have still about six days left placement to take the Advisory Board has been six days left to play clean. So these are the days we have collected please Yes Mr. Goswami Now tell us what is wrong with the order of different yes my my first submission is that you feel lots of the order of detention which is on page 57 they're relevant on page 61 ground number three did was to get married sir yes teacher was to to film a local market at South Korean is good on TV has to be valid because she's was talking to OBJ validity am tamo Tamam sir Korean movie in Japan Mira mother gave her this Polish remind me for crying out opini pushpress Damian gentle cheeky now lots of G's. Yes for these remind documents are concerned with relied upon are not given statement of Guayaquil, which they have stated that the who Joyal J. These statements are also not given, along with the order of detention general Gk Sai Baba sarkari Anna, hoedown dusty again, wagon asuma driver Rajendra Ramsay Parma Gandhi reported on a study another malboro naughty mulberry, the more ggk water one go to monitor Ave Tata additive us more. So I boxer Very Good on ya katabi aghadi mulberry sustanon Luca Malhotra Ronaldo, they were the 20 or so and so, therefore Lordships is from this paragraph these documents whichever they are further relied upon by the authority are not supplied for the next page 62 ground number four so Babu pro Carano Jota tapas Risa Magi Avi jatiya party, cJ carnavon radis Ladouceur Kim Nakuru dangit I want to be srbs Gen Con they said naughty party sansad narubu sooner komachi cJ Coronavirus, Corona pro sungei September Diggory capacity when I will come maybe more tomorrow improved governance procure Charlie Rocco Rocco de bourree. Police I'm gonna say now this is important. This goes to the root of the matters. Tamara Samad what a police station Cathy parties when they're going on with me well. I'm samagra septem quad Murthy jahmene Paul Chu teeny one. tamari Cooper mujer de vida Jenna pro to Charlie Rocco Davey puri puri sanbona What is a popular Semi Pro pro to compete that juta appunto Ania horni Monica 370 tamari pro version approach to tackle ecocity ad carry on a January July check. Now let's see they have relied upon this order, which is not surprising along with the order of detention. anticipatory bail order is not supplied is not supplied. in both the cases not yet what the case is what the case is. So, let us first make a note of those documents which are referred to and not supplied. loss in honor of remand is not supplied, not supplied statement of quackery is not supplied. Wait a minute, y'all were remanded to police custody. Yes, I was granted entry. anticipatory bail. Yes, after you obtained anticipatory pain and when you appeared before the concerned police station, they took you in custody because they wanted to seek police remand. Yes, the application was filed and then you will produce before the magistrate. Yes. And magistrate granted you remand Yes For how many days or four days? You did not challenge that ordering? No four days because there was lockdown Therefore, I could not challenge them understood. So, in this case, in the case of Roger Mangal Paley, although he was released on anticipatory bail, yet he was remanded to police custody. Yes, yes. And what about the code he knew after he was Yes, he was also reminded Yes, he was also reminded for granted regular bail thereafter granted regular basis Okay. Now, in the grounds of retention along with the documents the order of remand is not is not not given. anticipatory bail order doctrine was not given regular bail order not not given not given okay. In fact, they have their one circular, which is also very circular, this is one thing what is your second submission? Second submission is that there is delay in passing the order of detention. Why do you say so? Because the incident is of March there was water in July that is foremost delays there is a delay Yeah. Then that delay is not explained, therefore, thereafter nor should they have even this awkward what is I have given the reply therefore, alternate alternate if they have taken the action under the essential commodity act. What are their notice? Yes, their date is 962 1,029/62 July Second, two notices are given nine six was given and thereafter second july two notices, where do we find reference of notice dated nine July in the grounds of detention manual in an intimate intimate Let me tell you why you should not be an essential commodities act for the violation, not may help para four of that order 62. Bed clean matters not a conscious attempt. Yeah, because of this they're required to be progressively detained and not what is happening. Let us see the gravity of the charge against them and why do they understand the petitioner for serial number one man what was being entrusted with the task of delivering door from door to door step of the essential commodity market whenever the quantities and services are engaged by the state yes matter like wheat, etc, rice dal etc. When this contract is given mallards they are required to give the least of vehicles metal, which will be used for these public distribution system might not the petitioner for serial number two was having the board at gandhinagar might not know how they these transactions take place. A person is holding a fair price shop at money Naga might not he finds an online jeweler and he requests for this quantity might not there is a go down which is located at shaima Murat the petitioner number one is waken would go to shine back based on that challenge, the goods will be loaded in the truck and from Shine back manner the goods are to be taken away where from where the challenge has been generated generated from where the request has been made not each bag will have that tax, which showed that this product or these goods are being used for supply of public art supply under the public distribution system might not from China, but instead of sending these votes to Medina, the petitioner number one in the same way Cal will also register with us might not talk these goods to the courtown of petitioner number petitioner for serial number two which is located at gandhinagar which falls under these The board has jurisdiction where the fire has been might not they were caught read ended might not if might not have the quantity which is which was required or which is to be siphoned off might not 195 so that is that was 9750 may not be a page 58 of rice 250 calories of sugar 460 kg of that and minus 440 3450 kgs of rice a goldmine of wheat which is almost 14 Last but not these enter goods are being used by not for the needy and the poor the people who belong to the weaker sections of the society might not need these goods are were found at the bottom of the respondent the petitioner number two read and read my notes at that time also might not it was verified might not the goods were also identified the golden keeper of might not power Gordon which is located at gandhinagar head also afraid that there are unique marks which were found on that which were found might not and can tend to go down of the petition for a serial number two might not not only this one it might not the other goods were also found very minor. Either the seals were broken or the products were open so not what these people do. They take these boats are wrong one girl by shop. There was one other place in our district yes Marana market yes my daughter Kathy then DC the feed casework black marketing or not they were caught red ended there is a subjective satisfaction even before the donut single good man. We have said this. Please. Yes, you have made a strong prima facie case to prosecute them for the offenses under the essential commodities act as well as chief. What prompted you or necessitated prevent you to teach? Why not? All pause you come to Page W. That is internal page 14 of the employee judgment paper in a moment. Of course we are now not no way concerned with this yet. But there is something we would like to understand from you and Mr. Goswami please read paragraph 10. Please. And their speakers understand the show cause notice was issued for the purpose of confiscation, get a show cause notice was issued calling upon these detainees to show cause why y'all should not be preventively detained. Foreigners, if I married parent enforced Yes. I understand what is falling from the honorable court reversed. Yes. Now read para 10, please and make us understand what is the learned single that trying to convey placement placing. Therefore, notice was issued on 11th March 2024. The alleged breach of provisions of Section six of the essential commodities act as well as this notice of 11 March, perhaps appears to be under six A of the essentials. That's why the seized goods commodities should not be confiscated. Why the crap the vehicle should not be confiscated, correct? Right. Please, please. Yes, Mr. Goswami are Yes, yes, please. Now Now further treatment as well as known as well noted issue I dated July. One issue wherein It is also mentioned that why action should not be taken against the petitioners under the black marketing. So this was a separate show cause notice, calling upon both the detainees to show cause why they should not be preventing the detain he has money under the black marketing. Black political. Yes. I have sent up that act of like marketing, yes, that is the CMA done notice that it's accurate. That is what it tells you for preventive detention under the black marketing, as you'll notice, yes. This show cause notice was sold upon both the written use Yes, when I say I can do like 2020 notice, which I just read at para four. And they also give a reply to here. Yes, fine. Now, from bliss act. This prevention of black marketing and maintenance of supply essential commodities act nine point out the provision play which obliges the authority concerned to first issue or show cause notice, before passing an order of preventive detention under PBM. Manual, I understand that there is no provision for issuance of a show cause notice, but just because a show cause notice has been issued is not non application of my parent, just because a show cause notice is being issued, whether that just issue on top of chauffeurs notice will preclude the authorities from passing any order under Section three. I have an inherent power under Section three, who issued this, notice the declaring authority when it is being issued by the collector, the retaining authority so depending on that right, so why was he wasting time by undertaking this useless exercise? If you were so much concerned with the nefarious activities of these people indulging in black marketing, y'all should have proudly acted y'all should have picked them up, you should put them in jail as a preventive detail, why you have to do all this. I will respond by saying that just because the so called notice has been issued and a week's time has been granted to the petitioner whether it has been preclude me from passing any order under Section three of the prevent black marketing, there is an inherent power something very unusual, we are not I understand where we are discussed. I understand that. Let's come straight to the three points. Mr. Goswami says that certain vital documents the reference of which can be found in the grounds of detention have not been furnished. What do you have to say about that and verify because he says that they have order and the other parts are not being so according to me manner when the order is so. Now Mr. Da that is yes, this is the only document where are the pleadings in this regard. When are the pleadings in this regard in these documents are furnished to me as far as what 60 because I was not given the water therefore, when the water was out there after I came to know therefore, there are no pleadings provide a supplementary material you can order and then you will not find a repetition, then what six is paid? PHP is 146 in this in their debt list, these documents are not given it is an admitted faith, my statement will be recorded, if it is for recording your statement, the state need to respond to it by whenever they cannot go by one of our leaders that was already that is that is true that is true sir, but it is an admitted fact they are not supplied sir. Where is he admitted that whoever said that he responded, he admitted because they are not the only allegation was this is a this is a written application. Therefore, pleadings will assume important status. I was very happy. I'm not saying no, sir. I'm not saying no, but says that order of detention was served subsequently after the filing of speedy appreciates. But how do we consider this argument of yours in the absence of anything on record? Do you have to look into the list of documents and then arrive at to finding Oh no, these documents are not in the list. Can we do it? But that is what I'm submitting I'm making a submission letter that said this disputed if disputed, then I file an FTD itself with because what chips is they have been taken they have received and directed to take them instruction, this water of detention was also served to them also that even even if they pass the water, I have served copy of this water to them. Let them make a statement that these were supplied then I will find a shot by officials are here will will respond to in immediate your officers are there with you. Ask them whether these documents have anyone submitting this aspect or not I agree. But if this is the only case please. counsel for the appellant at least in terms of a learning gap for the state respondents misread the way they found that the opposite are also present with him. And he has opened instructions during the course of arguments as they have advanced next to our order dated 2020. We have planned appellant have surrendered on 16th of October 2020 and apparently in judicial custody. So detention order, this has been served upon the last time step executed upon the evidence. And now the magnet will hold on by the consent of the learned counsel for the party pursuant to our order of previous decade at 611. Next, Mr. Goswami has raised his private list privately raised three arguments. First, that there was a solitary case registered against the appearance under the provisions of the essential commodities act 1955 as also certain offenses of cheating and fraud under the Indian Penal Code in the month of March 2020. The appellant had applied for anticipatory bail as also regular way which had been duly granted to them. That submits that only a solitary case the detention order is the next argument advanced by Mr. Goswami is to be aware that the relevant material was not provided to The opponents along with the detention order, which includes anticipatory order of anticipatory will trigger the order of regular bail demanded, and the bond application the order and the order passed on the remand application, which vitiates the procedure followed by the granting authority and the set also the condition order cannot be sustained. The next argument advanced is that the order of attention was passed on 26th July 2026, July 2020, whereas, the first information report was launched to march 12 Of March 2020. Also, in case the sponsoring authority or the view that the appellants were likely to be detained under the black marketing accurate and then the action ought to have been taken promptly. And this delay of four months for more than four months, indicates that the order of detention is not a bona fide order. But as for based on experience consideration on all the grounds of Mr. Mousavi submit that the petition company that the division of economic sustain and they said deserves to be watched. And the uplands we said at liberty for the next paragraph, she turned away DGP upon instructions from the officers present with him number A. Sunil rattler mines Mr. Sunil rot or designation, a clap here clap. Head club, mystic supply Officer airclad district supply officer office of the supply officer district district nandina. Amina has the record with him as really clearly stated that the non supplying of documents as alleged by Mr. Goswami is correct. And the documents as alleged were not supplied. Lawyers when settled on the above issue, that were necessary documents relied upon in the detention order, not supplied, the procedure adopted withstand vitiated and no liberty of any individual can be curtailed or supporting procedure being followed. On this short part alone, we allow the appeal and watch the potential effect on districts right we'll get the opinion Shall we said activity forthwith. Since we will not hear that as the order will signal that at the relevant time when it was passed the detention order who's not placed before three, three execution state I said we are not making any comments on the order of the length of the day. What's the new standard out there? lots of lots of mellissa is already out. Nice thing is they have like the two simple applications of your listening. That's it when he later given his master's thesis Finally, the notice also we are not decay but I am supposed to call. Mr. Park what has been given entry? The last thing to think about with the shell protect is also an entry. Mr. Nick Laval is also doing in three separate tests that we're also doing and I just by virtue of phase also going in the Arab side or the winning part division, our division is also an entry for division. So, where is your Mr. Dr. Avinash put the condition level like I said, you'll see that when we ask them the one last time they won the results of their patella Mashallah listen to me talk over and over Rodney, fill up the void. Yes, these are my notes. I have submitted one note, seven pages idea for lawsuits. I have attempted to refer to the bare minimum facts of this controversy, not the facts of any individual case, General General, or the developments that happened are resulting in the introduction of the GST laws from 172 1017. Then the fields which are involved in these cases for your office consideration. And then the relevant case law because both sides would agree that judgments have been rendered by this honorable court and other courts also on this controversy. So, my notes ample case law is available over our prayer is going to be that the judgments rented by this honorable court may be followed in these cases also, and obviously my friend from the other side would make an attempt to convince your Lordships not to follow gentleman's and the principles laid down by this honorable court. My name is I would not mind all right propose to read first three pages of my note. So that matters the controversy would be clear. And then later we can go to the case No, because otherwise when I submitted the decisions are available on other issues involving his present case. Hello, may I just read the first three pages of my note I submitted the copy to my friends before Diwali. Yes, yes, please Ross is one of the notes he titled his note on filing of Tran one para a at a grand Tran one is a form referred to under Rule 1.7 of the cgst rules for carrying forward input tax credit EITC of eligible duties and taxes upon versions of the CTS da di D SDA and the cgst rules having been brought in operation with effect from first July 2017. The provision permitting and allowing standard credit of eligible duties to be carried forward to GST regime is section 140 or the cgst file recognizing the entitlement of it registered person to carry forward cenvat credit of eligible duties. Section 140 provides that such standard Excel be carried forward by him within such time and in such manner as may be prescribed. Section 287 of the CGS tag defines the expression prescribed to mean prescribed by rules made under the SEC or the recommendation of the Council. accordingly the time limit and manner for carrying forward sentiment credit to the new taxation regime were to be prescribed by the cgst rules. So rule one of rule 117 provides for submission of form GST Tran one on the common portal within 90 As from first July 2017, but this time limit of 90 days was extended by the government from time to time by issuing notifications to 27 December 2017. Thus every registered person entitled to carry forward sandbag carry from the old taxation regime in operation till 30th June 2017, to the new GST regime was required to submit Tran one for such separate credit on or before 27 December 2017. By virtue of section one a inserted in rule 1.7 is up from 10 nine 2018. The date for submitting carbon could be extended by the commissioner on the recommendations of the council until 31st March 2020. For registered persons who could not submit such declaration by due date on account of technical difficulties on the common portal. This has been the general scheme for allowing a registered person to transfer or carry forward cenvat credit to which he was entitled to under the center tradus 2004. No matter the issue involved in this case, as we understand in view of the above steam, the fuel for consideration of this honorable court is whether the right of a registered person to transfer and carry forward standard carried to the new regime would be lost completely. If he would not submit a transaction by the due date or having submitted a transmission before the due date with incomplete information and details of sendbird credit, he could not submit a revised transmission by the due date. Another issue for consideration of dishonorable code is what is the true meaning of the expression, technical difficulties on the common quarter in the background of the new taxation regime, and the requirement of financing or Documents Library returns, declarations and forms electronically on the common quarter without a time limit prescribed under Rule 1.7 of the cdsp rules is a procedural requirement and hence could be relaxed or it is a mandatory condition and no relaxation at all would be allowed in favor of a registered person for submitting a transaction or revising it radman is also an issue falling for consideration of this honorable code. Patsy the position prior to first in 2017. Prior to 172 1017 ladies like central excise duty on manufacture of goods service tax on taxable service value added tax on goods sold and such taxes were levied and collected by the government. The input transactions were also chargeable to excise duty service tax VAT and such other ladies as the case may be prior to 172 1017. Since the objective of unsound taxation system is to tax only the value addition forever in cascading effect of tax, the government allowed facilities like standard credit set of etc in respect of taxes paid on the input transactions for operating in the general procedural requirement was to maintain a segment register or set of register for recording details of all inputs per transaction as well as taxes paid their own and periodical returns for declaring to the assessing officers all the details of credit taken, credit utilized and balanced credit line manipulation at the end of a month oroquieta persons liable to pay excise duty and or service tax and are aware and like Texas were complying with such procedural requirement. And therefore details of unutilized balance or cut off credit line with them on 30th June 2017 were available in the register and the return style by them under the old regime. Such balanced credit line and utilized work to be carried forward for utilizing it while discharging new livery of GST with effect from first July 2017 position from one July 2017 onwards, taxes like central excise duty service tax, VAT etc. are subsumed in GST, which is a tax on supply of goods or services are both the new me and also the statutory provisions have been brought into force from one seven to seven seven. But then we'll move into business activities of the SEC. With the introduction of the new GST regime of taxation. The transition from the old taxation regime to the new GST regime has been in a continuous manner. Therefore, the parliament has elected the provision of Section 140 in the cgst for the SS is to carry forward Sandra credit line with them on 30th June 2017. So that certain credit could partake character of ITC under the new taxation regime and the taxes already paid off the government. Track 172 1017 were made by such SSE Here's my Look, I was giving the last paragraph of page three of my notes which is the last para up from the note in any case, or may continue with the para de two on page three models. Yes. Thus carrying forward standard credit to GST regime has been one of the transitional measures under the new scheme of taxation and the manner and method of applying the prescribed manner for carrying forward unrecognized credit of taxes already paid to the government prior to 172 1017 would have to be configured in this background affair students suddenly change to a new regime where all the compliant fees are mandated really to the common portal and electronically as against the compliance by submitting returns declarations etc. Manually up to 30th June 2017. And the objective of the transitional measure being that of every cascading effect of debt on text. I don't visit the general background of the Navy's of Central excise service, tax debt etc. are whatever was created to be critical the central government was allowed to carry to carry forward for paying the GST the new levy matters I have submitted two comparisons of judgment before a lot saves. Yes matter. See, by and large, this issue has been decided. We would only like to confirm with Mr. The one Vyas see after the judgment of siddhar Enterprises delivered by this high court there are judgments of Delhi High Court following this our high court judgment we would only like to confirm whether in all this writ applications an attempt was made and on account of some technical glitches. The portal failed to accept your claim and Kron one, what was the problem? Or y'all missed the date? What what what exactly went wrong? Why not the Indians their defects of each case are different. In the Delhi eco judgment branding committee in my components and a number of fools will read the church No matter if it's relevant to this very report or a deadly submission of the department wall that we have amended rule 117 by inserting sub rule one capital A only for taking care of technical difficulties. It's not his technical difficulties on the common portal. Our dead word technical difficulties on common portal is interrupted by the honorable Delhi Ico to mean not only the cases that the SEC attempted to upload the return, it was even if you missed the deadline. Yes, yes, it can be at a later point of time permitted to upload and sell either by opening the portal or by accepting it manually anyway. Yes. One one case more night before deli echoed in this group of brandy committee that the MD was ill he was not attending the office. So no mirtron one was loaded and uploaded at all. They said that because of these difficulties, it was a new scheme, the employees were not aware of it. So, there are so many cases considered by the Delhi High Court. If ultimately we have to hold in tune with siddhart Enterprises or branding meeting, once again we will have to give some particular date by which we may have to ask the union to open the portal permit all these litigants to claim the credit classes or they may be asked to accept it manually, correct? Yes, ma'am. But this exercise also will be now a one time measure classes. Right? Are we right? Yeah, it can be perpetual. Correct? True. So if all these litigants succeeded, this batch of written applications are subject to what Mr. Vyas has to submit. The only direction that we can issue is that well look into the matters. Look into the facts and apply the principles as laid down and seductive to prices and brand equity. And we give a deadline of say one month or two months during during that period. If Otherwise, your claimants legal Justin proper they can consider earlier razzing getting in my compiler send a serial number 328 either a case where the contention of the revenue was that there was no technical glitch that this would point out anticipate number 28 or annex comparison a good finds the revenues content not running paid 31 paragraph eight at the bottom of page 31. Right. On the other end language can be consequences. So so far the respondent submitted that as per the respondent, there are no technical glitches found in the case of the petitioner and therefore, the petitioner was not allowed to upload the form GFP jaaneman on a specific query put to the learned candidate for the respondents that whether the claim of the taxes and credit made by the petitioner is genuine or not. He submitted that on verification of such claim. If it is found to be genuine that petitioner can file upload GST, Tran one letter can be concept for the response, as regards genuineness claims submitted that the same shall be looked into by the respondent number four and then direct sometimes on the next page 30 years. In fact, morotai was just referring to brand equity for a simple purpose that various cases of this technical difficulties which may involve human omissions human Commission's everything is considered as a deadly Ico. But it is also observed in one of the judgments of Punjab and Haryana state number five, which also man agrees with the judgment of this honorable court in shaytan enterprise or D pandemia. I quote the honorable judges have observed that it is difficult for even people like us to do something on the portal. So therefore, it's possible error by any human being that he would not be able to submit it for various reasons information may not be available at cetera No No Do not vary that whether it could be perpetual or not, but it will always would like to have a look at page number 65 panic compilation, comparison a the honorable Delhi Ico Mr. Vyas Yes. In fact, I wanted to interject at some stage before our two minutes take up the relevant case was wanting his honorable boardgamegeek appropriate. Permit me to point out one aspect which not to direct wearing all the exercises your Lordships are undertaking. What happened is this honorable court Miller's division bench earlier, you know as well considering the validity of the various provisions by upholding it meloche dismissal petitions etc. meloche. Similarly, mures movie High Court also two different division makes the logs operate the validity and also took into consideration because the very aspect now he does all those matters will not ultimately be for the honor of dishonorable partners which make against the revenue revenue tools to prefer minocin SLP. Now in the SLP minutes honorable For deemed appropriate by specifically observing loss. There are different High Courts taking different views as also the High Court taking two different views on level efforts for deemed appropriate to stimulus operation of the impugned judgment, the one large which is in favor of the present petitioners number of subsequently of his all those decisions of different High Courts not various slps are preferred some years by the revenue, some minutes by the respective positions where they have lost this honorable effort Scott clubbed everything together wonderful the Delhi High Court after without the judgment, like they were considering your subsequent cases not the honorable le hyper deems as a proxy during the whole issue. And the issue is that language are honorable, the Supreme Court of India, which tentatively was listed on third of November, honorable the Delhi High Court mula numlock. Appropriate distance honorable FX code is a piece of the issue where various different different measures of High Courts have taken different views. So they deemed it appropriate to post the matters not after honorable the FX formula considers the issue. So that is one aspect that your oxygen will bear in mind. I'm only familiar so far as matters are concerned emulating visa matters. So, we take our cumulus v case law or otherwise, we work on facts, but I deem it appropriate to bring your MC one notice to the honorable, honorable the Delhi High Court as also known as honorable Apex court has taken the view there are different divisions and judgments will not be from the same icon sometimes and words in other cases most different icons. So, for an example, in our favor, and also eight that this requirement is mandatory. So, if you miss on the ground of technical difficulty, there is mechanism in place where you can upload to the authorities, the authorities will not independently will examine that difficulty, which is claimed by the content sec or the individual. So, today, we write a lot since and undertaking this entire exercise. So, what did you say that again? Yes, not any difficulty where they have traded wrong information or with Yes, they could not have applied within the time or there was some problem in their application on the assumption of their claims or whatever, there is a remedy available to them, yes or not, in fact, there is a resistol committee constituted by the central government without and will be permitted to point out as to how that committee operates or what is the function knows what will happen is that any individual who claims that because of some technical glitch or any other technical issue or difficulty or some fault on their part, yes, yes. They are called upon will also appear before it grievance redressal cell, which is a system created, where such grievances once there is no deal that grievances will be examined. So today the course which I was suggesting to the honorable board subject to it, being approved by yourself not honorable Oh, my lord Justice Party, well, I'm legit as it fell from the bench, they will ultimately will keep in consideration that timeframe where they would alterable domains is conscious of the fact that honorable court wants us to undertake some exercise in terms of various positions succeeding. Notice, what I will suggest is that since honorable FX court mirrors more particularly keeping in mind those different use taken by different icons is seized of the matter. Because what can be done is the hearing loss on final hearing of these batch of petitions, it can be referred to be lost. After we honorable FX four decides the way honorable delicatessen. In the meantime, not every petitioner who has failed to raise this grievance before it was deemed optimal to them, some stipulated period may be given to because it can either be in favor of the assessee music petition will survive, if it is against him, and it is found that he's really trying to now take benefit of the edge of position on the different decisions without learning their cases also, they will have to pass an order or they will have to meet him at the consent position on the basis their appearance this exercise can be completed in my humble submission will also say entailments endless matters can be posted thereafter. So, what will happen is we will have to benefit from your one on one efforts for Ignasi takes up the matters for consideration, energy, ultimately, some directions are issued to central government to either come up with some scheme or melodious one time he says this honorable court also suggested not only but they approached me also mirrors give us some directions with regard to so those also can be taken into consideration while they are available before your Lordships ending things regnum because these individual grievances if it can be raised before that said, they will examine and I applications for those viewers may not survive or those which are left out because ultimately we may argue for your losses, depending on what vulnerable episode may have stayed on the issues involved. Because what is happened too late. So, there are divisions and judgments of Missouri psycho to division when judgment of our honorable court and to division when judgments of mirrors honorable the movie I could infer from honorable the Delhi High Court, where municipalities are upheld, it is held that this provision said permits are mandatory, and this technical debt you're seeking to evoke, you have not chosen either to go before it sell or you have gone there. And I found that you never logged into the system at all. So today, it can be said very clearly that now you're only in view of this litigation, which is ongoing. Now, you're seeking to take benefit of a fault, which has happened at joint now various division batio also take a question if if the fault is a bona fide default or a mistake or some data error edri can it not be rectified and you can already know this rights otherwise admissible do it under law? That is exactly what I think we will say does know. So when I approach it, even cell and I say that I normally what my returns are not being uploaded. So it is not that I missed the day. Unfortunately, your system was faulty because of which my returns are not accepted. And now it is now a thing in my own job. So what we'll do, what did I say something my friend is probably not briefed properly or by his officers, because these are statements which is making are factually incorrect. I would therefore like to just submit something. Mr. Bass pilots, Mr. parez has some serious, yes, comments to make. Yes, me and up I will take it in your utmost sincerity may not seem so, it is with regard to authenticity of some instructions not being taken properly or a wrong statement as perceived by him not is thought to be made. Let us hear what he has to clarify. And then you can address this Madras High court judgment mumble Aqua judgment etc. We do not know because my friend has submitted nothing on record. Number two, we are not aware of any supreme court order that Supreme Court has observed that because of conflicting views of various High Court, we are admitting the matter. There is at least I have not seen any such order. But there is only one stay order by the Delhi Supreme Court in case of brandy committee. In my comparison, next year, a same number of food is just as good as she's ordered 2002. Gentlemen, so far our code is concerned I believe that they were server the way there is one order of the order the Supreme Court dated to one 2019 which arises out wrong. Judgment of the Gujarat High Court dated 592 1018 poisonously number 184, double three of 2017 and 20185 of 2017. That says that even when judgment is by Justice Qureshi and justice Korea, but that judgment probably is against us. Yes, no, no, not against you. This is people forget most people is for GST but kindly of India, which is what I wanted. What I'm submitting is, you will also see my comparison annex tab, serial number one, that's Petro. But while we are concerned about the provisions of settlement in these cases, we are not concerned about the word provisions. We will cover all the different things or kindnesses in SAS Enterprise and a comparison a serial number one, yes, by this honorable court where these provisions are thoroughly considered. And it is held in our favor reserve directory where we do not render trees. Yes. Well, I think that the central bank has not stayed so far. That is one my lords. Secondly, can you see my comparison a age number 18 After returning over the Union of India file review application before this honorable court for reviewing with that. ID number 18. of enter comparison A Yes, underground that citizen Korean Korean and other grounds. Now I know that is also dismissed by this honorable court on marries your losses. We'll find the final part on page numbers 26 and 27 years. So I was this review, which was dismissed is also not state by the honorable Supreme Court as far as I know. No matter after this review is dismissed by this honorable court says that is not interfered will not call back or state by this honorable court. umpteen number of judgments are rendered by this honorable court But one of them I have given on record, it's a newssheet Krishna oleochemicals. Gentlemen, are 26 February 2020 requested the court Marshal to get two copies of this judgment and put before your Lord states. Krishna on you were this honorable court as considered that the reduced by the Union of India and its dismissal and held in favor of the sscs pasteis after scissors and a review of Sita having been rejecting now not only because some Delhi Iko jednej a state by the honorable Supreme Court on what grounds we do not know the judgments of her we are in Gujarat, we are not in materasso Mumbai or Delhi. My let my friend point out that gentlemen for this honorable code, our state by the honorable Supreme Court, on the contrary might not be philosophers like to see page number a comparison a page number 62. Punjab and Haryana court judgment SNP has been dismissed by the honorable Supreme Court to add not submitting SNP dismissed is a proceeding. But I'm only submitting that pengiran Ariana, who could admit is not interested by the Supreme Court, Punjab and Haryana relies on that I will point out matters since there is a first judgment of any high court that is ordered by Punjab and Haryana, Punjab and Haryana echoed slbs dismissed by the Supreme Court. So far as our high court is concerned, there are more than one dozen judgments of this honorable court for this very provisions and holding that they are only procedural, not mandatory number therefore, we'll pick up one case and give us the facts of one case and then we'll see how it will be applied. Yes, and yes, I would like to make a submission. If my notes permit on a factual basis on my case, for two minutes. We will hear all cases subject to letters. On one case, we just want to have to find what are the facts relevant on a factual basis. That's why marine I don't know there are broadly two types of cases before your Lordships if there is a third category then we can take it out for the time being are broadly two categories. One category is where travel one was filed by the SEC before the due date, but then he DSS he realized that what was submitted in the trend one was not the proper amount of standard credit, because of some transactions that will be left out for some reasons, if they wanted to file revised and one for 27 December 2017 that time limit will expire. So, one categories that were time one is time, but they wanted to revise and revise and one could not be filed. Another category is that the SOC has not filed runwal for various reason, let me also take the extreme case against me that the SOC never made any attempt to file transient for what may or whatever reasons, but second category of the cases is that time one is not filed at all. And after 27 December when they wanted to file the Portal was closed because the time limited expired. Now, these are two broadly are two categories are those were filed, but once a modification or revision in there and the other is those who fail to file before Yes, yes or no? And if there is a third category will not touch them. Because the other day Mr. pathwork said that there are some other cases fine, if there are other cases will not touch them today, number of times he takes up the case of dyslexia number 7806 of 2020 which is merrowed serial number expecting these grasim industries that that they find one Tran one on 28 August, which were within the time limit the amount over 2017 17 years and minor D credit was 10 crores in August, which was declared by them 10 members they realized that in our central excise returns, which clarified on in June 2017 CAD it was more not 10 crores it was it velcros so, they wanted to revise the traveler or before that they filed a new return under central excise also under central excise act return was allowed to be revised without any time limit. So, manual they filed a revised Tran one and realize the return in December 2017 with a central excise authorities It is called er one reason they declared instead of 10 crores some 12 crores in all now for that when crores They had to file revise traveling, which could not be filed because 28 December was gone. So, it's about this is a case where they submitted planning is actually filed for a lesser amount. So, there is a compliance, but then they realized that the amount of declared was less now matters in as I said submit into this grasim Industries and many of the cases for the figure that we are claiming as credit either by way of filing a fresh plan one, if it was not filed at all, or revised strand one for that differential amount, there is no dispute on FX because such amounts were actually paid to the character of the central government either by way of Central excise duty or service tax for the transactions prior to 30th of June 2007 guaranteed. So therefore, for the eligibility, there is hardly any dispute the figures are also not in dispute. The only dispute is that either revised and one could not be filed because the SSE realize about the mistake later on or or the first depression. I'm sorry, well, what are the facts of this case are Krishna oleochemical by Krishna all your they did not file any return at all. Yes, Krishna olio did not find any return on any travel. Then they add my 27 December had gone by. You are referring to this grasim Industries Ltd SPS 7806 of 20. Yes. We, this very bencher passed an order way back on 26th of June 2022. Miners while issuing notice. We also said that in the meantime, it should be open for the retail applicants to pile on one under Rule 117 of the cgst rules with the respondent number two manually without prejudice to the rights and conditions of the response. If any such transfer is five manual interesting may be looked into by the authority concerned subject to the final outcome of this application. Did you make any attempts to find it I find Melbourne in June 2020 28 June excepted manually but they have not processed yet they are not processed. For that matter. Therefore I was submitting to my French Dasa submission about that it said etc. The D it says the instructions are in writing do not have taken note of those instructions to it sell in your home dyes. My comparison a serial number three judgment. The instructions that they give me SSE Cruz with the screenshot of the common portal that they tried to load the travelin Mr DeWitt, the order of the Supreme Court in the tslp pending before the Supreme Court of the Union of India, from the judgment of grand equities what is the status of the SMP de I don't know, this will honorable Supreme Court as a state the judgment of the brand equity has to degenerate of brand equity. Yes, yes. The reason appears to be bad on the last paragraph of brandy. Yes, three page number 6565 of my compilers and a Yes, because the honorable daddy I code at paragraph 23 running page 65 permitted in the winder dragon warm water before 30 June that is allowed by your Lordships also panchavati. And I could also work nuts off outfalls further is my own sound to be objectionable. In Delhi, I could say that this judgment should be published everywhere in the country. And it should be given effect to by everyone. But there the grievance of the Union of India was not Supreme Court. How do you look at this was the main issue is the SNP. That's what I'm saying. Though I wrote in the order that nothing mattered even if you read the order reverse trail to the real world. Let us take let us take it against me that Supreme Court Skd gentlemen, without I mean, having been founded, it's a wrong judgment, let us take it that way. Not given companies and be also with three judgments to your own states and also the fate what is compilers and v is the view taken by the honorable type code in Delhi I quote, because of a supreme court judgment is that when any provision is either struck down or hate to be to CRL not mandatory read down right now by the code. And if there is a story of the Supreme Court, then it would not mean that the the efficacy of the judgment is lost. And it will be applicable confer tangency compassion there is no issue about that. 40 on that all the stay order granted is retained interpretation everything are shown here is that the same issue with regard to plant one with our extension of time could have been granted or not without the glitches for found to be genuinely obstructing the SEC filing their returns or they wanted to file a revised return or modified return after the cutoff date. Whether that could be permitted or not. The Delhi High Court permitted and Delhi High Court relied upon Zadar enterprises also agreed to it. Yes, hi. It doesn't say principle, right? yet. Now if the Supreme Court has made that order of brand equity completely, without confining it to the first part of parenthood degree or second Part of our two degree courses, then apparently what Mr. Varga says is great. My answer is this my words. Do you understand? Yeah, I understand. I don't want us to commit any duration and discipline here. Yes, that's true. I would be the last person I was. So it is up what is the gravity the issue, whether the cutoff date of 28, December 2017, could not have been extended without that permission is directly or mandatory, whether any revision or modification would have been done or not, by the SEC after having made that made the declaration, that's when we need to keep our hands off this bunch of petitions and wait for the Supreme Court decision, as the Delhi High Court has done. And therefore, let me submit before your sins like this. I don't think that central basis is concerned, it is not state robbery, it is not even challenge one that was decided brand equity. Oh nice. That your lawsuit followed suit that enterprises in one dozen DC judgments in various ssese cases, or the brand equity was stayed? Because Edward has stayed vandegrift on 19th of June 2020. Yes, my notes for today that my friend Mr. Gas might not report to the largest waiters in that enter by this and judgments of dishonorable code are challenging and yes, they are, they may he may give the details of that piece together and things into SLP stays on will be granted. Subsequent slps are tagged along with that group. And in order today, we know there are 19 slps, out of which we see that enterprise in the entire measure of petitioner crease mirrors other ostrich reo data boxes referred to as all of them slps are filed and they are without specifically by a judicial order order to be tagged along. So that is what was really good was conscious of not making the nine or 1900 SLP Maya simple manners committed to my friend. When I say that, yes, it is fine, he will say that I will not know what grounds it is. He may just give you the number of SNPs. He will not see I will not exceed that for any other judgments of this honorable court. His state by the honorable Supreme Court will not utter a word because my words does justice Qureshi and justice carriers judgment is not for rule 117 which is take these matters. Philco trade is not 4117. You are absolutely right. filco has nothing to do with not 117 is a different thing where we have sub clause three of sub clause three of Section 140. Constitutional Yes, of course there is the reference of this judgment of Philco trade ins is that the order review applicant do I think that metal that seemed dead, but the body state is not rule 117 principle that's all I'm submitting, I am only submitting that let my my friend confirm and do the number of inter cell SLP or the meridians of the state against it that will not address the world. But 19 SLP certified missourah, psycho German Deezer et cetera, et cetera, but it will not carry this matter further lost in brand equity. This example we are Building Construction Script interpretation images, images. So this goes to prices and also along with brand equity and equity Look Yes, can I can I submit my, what Mr. Dawei was submitting and relying on that one day, I had appeared in Ronda and my lords have directed on 12th of March to verify and grant credit by 31st March, whereas till the date it has not been given. And we are on the verge of filing of a contempt of court application by tomorrow, what Mr. Vyas has submitted before the court that let the time be given for verification of these all the petitions, where the time can be granted. And, my Lord, I may further assist on this same issue even having said that, that the SLP I was filed and a stay has been granted in on that decision of the Delhi High Court then to my Lord, if we make sense of Section 142. It carves out a clear exception, because section 148 is transitional provision, and 142 is miscellaneous transitional provision which sorts out entire issue, even if a stay has been granted by the honorable Supreme Court. May I take my lords to the categorical provision of Section 142 minutes, Mr. Mishra, we have no good intentions of going into this issue. The main issue with regard to the leave claim, as decided earlier by this court and we can refer to by the Delhi High Court has since been completely stayed by the Supreme Court, let the Supreme Court data final decision as to what is to be done with regard to the status of 117 with this directly mandate we are provided is whatever we they improvise, that we decided we will proceed accordingly. The only thing that needs to be considered minor absolutely agreeing we all have to abide by your thing. And my lot. 142 was neither a subject before that petition, nor it was pleaded nor any finding has been given even by the honorable, more any more wiser and we will keep our hands off Simple as that. 42 is my lot. My only a minute submission to make my notes. But I verified in the meanwhile. Yes. From our manual search, which we have cost previously. And even now, that enterprise is not that with this group it appear that says that enterprise is not even challenged by the so therefore, I'm again let Mr. last at least verify or if they have accepted sinters Enterprises, then why not for our state it must be followed. Well, let me let him let him make a statement after verification. You mean to say that the status 117 would be different for goods rather than different bodily 100? It is a parent in the center statute unless the primaries it will not be I don't I'm not submitting the proposition of law. But as a proposition of fact I'm submitting that the first judgment of any high court is by our High Courts. Now if that is not challenged, so there are various report that's what I'm submitting permit a number of years Yes No. may not see that enterprise yellow. It is a special civil application number 5758 319 101 is special. SLP number 575 years of 2019 it is missing it specialty will application Yes Yes. Yes. I still don't 605762 etc decided on 692 1019. Right just actually confirm. Now I am status will offer five SLP for slps melotte. Red ID numbers are for a double line of 2020. Which is not fine. In case number 5758 of 2019 against judgment GTX 692 1019 which is taken away Lourdes is ready number 5317 of 2020 against enter ways of petition 5759 of 2019 digit, another ID number is 2037 of 2020 14 ID number is 20376 of 2020 already taken in 2020. Right. List Can I make a one minute submission on factual of Mike is one minute only shall protect you want to say something but a luxury we have filed within a time our time will form? Yes, we find seven lakh 64,339 ITC Yes, and instead of showing that we have been shown a zero amount. In our in our ITC claiming from band one, we made several representation to respondent number two and three. So, it is not the case that we have not made a we file a return complaint as well. And we also filed a complaint in it gravy on sale on second for 2019. But we have never been given an opportunity that due to technical glitches our our amount instead of showing seven lakhs 64,000 it has been showing zero. So within a within a timeframe, we have fine over time one but we have never been given an opportunity to revise that form. While also my humble submission is the case. There is no proof that that is what we're dealing with. I don't even think in December 2017 anything can be done with regard to trying to find a lender closed three binding bernoff my matter that they file affidavit in reply that you approach nodal officer in 2018, I have approach to date money, they have not taken any decision. So what my dear friend, Mr. VAZ said that they may approach to the it sale or something Milord that would not really give any result out of it. So I'm not, we're not really getting you to the redemption, logic business right, might not have been my my macro melotte one minute melotte in my matter, we have inadvertently submitted in the cgst, in place of sgst very well, so you Nothing can be done now. My Lord, my Lord, my Lord, in that case, I have made an alternative plea of refund. That's why I was pleading for referring to Section 142 which carves out and categorically a separate remedy available to each and every one if you want to my Lord violence restaurant one order dragonara device my not direction may be given because the time issue will be their direction will be given if under 140 to 140 transition is not allowed and there is an apparent case, why are you giving up your right of transition you want to what do you want? Might not then I am suitable for a refund under Section 142 subsection three right. The provision is there if for any reason transition cannot be carried out I'm admissible for refund if the legislation intends to do so and categorically carves out a class then I cannot be also shown as a door no you have not filed or you want a refund to be dealt with my lord suitable direction may be given in my case my lat application number 787 of 2019 overdraws is petition of private data do you want to apply under 142 mylot I am before your Lords for a direction at least I have made a prayer I have made a prayer may not because the time barred issue may also crop up. So I was before my loss well in time. So a direction maybe passkey that at least these SSE if approached for refund they may be if it because the WTO party will be their entire the GST came with no link should be broken a lot. So if that is the intention Mr Mishra, what is your number? Well not mine is 7872019. Now you only want that you will want to present application under 142 three for the front of your mind pre order each claim with a petition, my not because this will go on. I'm simply asking your question yes or no. My name 787 digit might not have been submission one request Malik reserved the Wait let us first deal with five one, Mr. Blue, right. Last Saturday, I guess what they billed for my loss. Mr. Mishra, have you applied so far under 142? Do you have not applied not I have not applied but I have made a prayer. Alternatively, if will be understood by law. We have to frame our order accordingly. Now, so we have to understand the mylot. Are you very much you're about 142 Mr. Mishra, might not I'm relying upon the word reference whether Ric can be considered as a reference. If it's so, then I have a case mylot Where do you read this word reference mylot it is in what section 142 2356 everywhere it has been written, I will come directly to the 142 subsection six Firstly, reference of what relating to a claim for Senate candidate initiated whether before or after the appointed day my lord kindly refer subsection 111 42 has also prescribed a time limit within a period of six months from the appointed day are identifiable to the satisfaction of the proper officer cannot mylot there is not a case about the admissibility of the cenvat credit, mine is a case only where instead of I have to file in hgst I landed up submitting in cgst that is well reflected and thereby on 27th December when I have credited it on the same day equivalent amount was debited because that amount was not to be credited in the cgst. There is no dispute about the credit but if I have to avail the refund or the eligibility, then I have to go by the miscellaneous provisions of Section 142 alone. May I take my lats to Section 142 the main heading miscellaneous transitional provision. So there are various limps of Section 142 wait long grass Davis my notes you can have a friendly no objection to Mr. Massage request that he does not wish to press this petitioner any further and wants to applaud the competent authority for claiming refund under miscellaneous provisions. Well, here we are state government. If he applies, this authority will deal with it strictly in accordance with law fresh. Yes, I couldn't ever have an objection. I lot mylot am saying I have to prayers. Alternative prayer is referred read your prayer in your petition. First, my lord. Either the square is that this honorable court may be pleased to issue an appropriate writ of mandamus or a writ in the nature of mandamus or any other appropriate rate, order or direction under Article 226 of Constitution of India, ordering and directing the respondent themselves their officers and subordinates to act upon or either allow the petitioner to carry forward that credit or to pay the amount of credit in cash. No, we are not advocating now we are issuing and he says mandamus to the authorities to run your money in cash, if you are entitled you are eligible to go and apply they will deal with it in accordance will have finished a lot. So, what we are saying my lord That is right. But I am only on one point that is I am I am not that I am not pressing for that I have made two prayers either my transition be allowed. If the transition is not been allowed, then at least that amount may be given refund in terms of the law. Right now that you are entitled to refund you want us to direct that they will want to be refunded to you. They will verify I'm not saying we're not to adjudicate only the direction we passed that if I'm admissible for the refund and it may be suitable if you are indicted or you need to claim it right Amanda cannot be shown without you're approaching this already for an exercise of his authority. Yes, yes sir. sighs authority then we can issue a mandible. Now you have not approved so far for refund. Might not That's right. But this period whatever I was before my lords, that period may be excluded. Mr. Mistry, if you think you are smart, and you are very intelligent, you are mistaken. You're trying to fool the court note. If you want to withdraw a petition, want to press for refund you can go We'll dispose of that petition on your request. What do you think guys? You have any manners to refund your any fashion which you are entitled to? You are mistaken. Not I'm only making my submission melotte All right, your disposal mylot. Right very well. We are virtually under here, Mr. Anderson see the long grass left on for the respective parties. Also, Mr. Mishra submits that depict he has instructions to state that the petitioner wants to claim a refund under the miscellaneous transitional provisions under Section 142 of the cgst Act 2017. and assess this petition may not be carried any further. We accordingly dispose of this petition, leaving it open to the petitioner to apply for refund before the appropriate authority, which we'll deal with the same strictly in accordance law expeditiously preferably within a period of three months from the date of submission of such application along with the certified copy of this order. We make it clear that we have not dealt with a matter of minutes and the approval party would independently deal with the application so submitted strictly in accordance to law Mr Diwan restaurant he has no objection to the above directions only one with a liberty to approach Him that does not refund as you see once or twice you will always have a liberty to come back or go abroad in appeal or wherever you have to go. May I can I make one minute submission if my lords permit on 42 three, maybe you shouldn't name I will submit yours was in the in these batch of petitions there are a number of petitions where the Tran one form has been filed within time and it is the party wanting a revision which could not happen within the timeframe given because the type service provision rule 20 A of the proviso provides for revision, but that time limit for revision overlaps with the time limit for filing the form my case is also like that I have not been able to revise the form. Does that argument whether the provision is rendered otiose because of the time limit overlapping with the time limit for filing the form would not be an issue molars before the honorable Supreme Court and that would also be an argument which we would be making was as regards rule 2128 of the cgst Let us see what is up but ultimately decide whether it takes into consideration all these issues or not. Then you come back to us if the Supreme Court doesn't deal with this aspect, we will consider that argument of yours. As of now, seven December 2017. Nothing can be done with it round one. Whatever is submitted is submitted whatever is not submitted is not submitted, there can be no change. There can be no further filing, Lordships in the earlier batch of petitions this issue would possibly not have arisen because it was all nighters, which were where Tron one was not filed. But here are a number of matters Tron one is filed. You must all join the Supreme Court and assist the Supreme Court and deal with the electricity issue. Although we decided that my only submission would be that this is an additional argument which we are having right. We are not losing your argument. We will hear you on this issue if it is not dealt with there. Yes, Mr. Potter, you want to say something more. This is similar what my learned friend has just said and they have also passed they have also issued an order on seven February 2020. That the person who has who cannot fail due to technical difficulties on the comb common portal, they are allowed to orbit lots of we have made over here find over time and within a stipulated time and but though we have not been given a single time or revise opportunity to find a device that we are dealing with that is what the Supreme Court is also hearing now whether a revision can be submitted or not whether after 27 December, because of glitches if it could not be filed within time, whether it can be vanished or not. That's the whole issue which is being dealt with nothing unusual about leaky bucket float you hear word learned counsel for the petitioners actually the one guy's done it he for the state for the department responded you know forget and other related office authorities also matter relating to the status of 117 of the cgst runes whether it is in providers wireless, or the ultra virus, or if it could be read down is engaging the attention of the Supreme Court in smpc numbers 7425 dash seven four to eight of 2020 comma Union of India vs brand equity treaties limited and others. Without further ado, Mr. Diwan we learned he has informed that against the judgment of this court. In the case of that enterprise, our enterprises limited dated 692 1019 passed in special civil application number 5758 dash 5760 comma five, seven and 5762759 also Mr the way after the answer is one and a half 5758 select okay 57602 t no guesses not six and 57625761, a NATO 25762 Pura Tierra. The Union of India has already preferred it since especially petition before the Supreme Court, which are at the stage of being registered and listed. The ID number has already been allotted. Most of it is also submitted by Mr. Vyas that the ratio of the judgment of sadad Enterprises limited Supra was considered by the Delhi High Court in the inner judgment in the case of grand grand equities, brand equity treaties limited. As such, this court may await the judgment of the Supreme Court in the aforementioned slps. As has been done by the Delhi High Court also, in subsequent similar petitions filed before it, we find that the requests made by the service to be reasonable. Let this group of matters be listed. awaiting the judgment of the listing after the judgment of the Supreme Court in the case of in the aforementioned recipies. bracket one panic to these treaties limited Supra upon an appropriate application being filed by either of the parties. Lee Leonard may just make one request my notes that the last sentence Nazis may say that after the judgment of the Supreme Court in Vandy committee and also seated enterprises limited. There is some reason therefore I'm submitting a term I would not trouble your last six. It's all all connected matters because they're all tagged along with each other. It's all in there I held them for him. That is it. My friend is not properly briefed, but definitely submitting that losses may record the decision in cases he has stated that he has filed a petition before the Supreme Court and the numbers that He has given the philosopher's note. Now the number also in the judgment and with respect for the law. Number nine, then another is 535-317-1730 203-712-0378. We are already numbers, lottery numbers, not the case against these ID numbers. They simply are preferred by seven. I don't require that. JOHN, which I've never done before eight double 9531720371 and 20372. of 2022 03780378. Mr. DeWitt Yes, ma'am. And Mr. Potter, just for our knowledge, this rule 120 capital A which you all have pointed out for the purpose of filing a revised Tran one what is the time period? It is the same time period and in fact there is a judgment of this honorable court saying that it renders the provision otiose because there's no no Miss Tucker, if you read it properly, it says every registered person who has submitted a declaration electronically informed GST Tran one so this is a different scenario. Here. Y'all have been able to upload form GST Tran one within the time period specified Rule 117 correct says May revise such declaration once so there is a rule provides and submit the revised declaration in form GST Tron electronically on the common portal within the time period specified in the set rules. What is this time period? That is 27 December 2007 refers to the original period for filing the timeline, same rules 27 December 2017 and 140 of like a gigs up to 27 December up to 27 that's the only reason why not 10 times reason. So, it doesn't make any difference not only benefit me benefit by virtue of this rule is only siddhart can save y'all Exactly. If you're not able to defense it the us succeed if Mr. Vyas gets it washed, then y'all are Whoa, lots of we have not even given an opportunity before December also the Lordship that is my submission was there is one small submission as regards 121 89 or 1/91 day for satellite imagery revised. Yes, this was one small additional submission is if Lordships or 128 within the time period specified in the set rules or such for the period as may be extended by the commission that extend extension is also now extension was made that extension power is not limited to the Commissioner of additional 90 days, you're the provision says as may be extended by the commissioner in this behalf whereas 17117 build a very specific power of only additional 90 days extension. Therefore, this provision in fact, gives an additional power to the commissioner to extend even be up on 90 days give you arguments later on one of the petitions there is one request 13154 of 2020 notice has not been issued the matter was tagged along with these petitions if notice can be issued and my learned friends q one of them can waive the service. This is sta number 1315 for up to 20 minutes 1315 for getting Delta lead notices Be sure returnable manners and many one on one on time we learned friends can be big steps. Because they are only appearing in the matters I could I can electronically send a petitioner is permitted to serve coffee on demand version of AC plus eight line Olivier SCA number one double 465 of 2020. This may be connected to this group of petitions a year led by number 7590 separate separate orders or AI exactly but as always, make sure to subscribe Mr. Buddha normally not notice has not been issued or Mr Diwan gazco copy during a 9897 they are appearing on advanced copy notices no problem. I also notice only on the matter the notice was not issued not issue they are appearing on advanced copy that's good enough. Once copies served it is treated as a notice is there with the lawsuit the extension of time limit has also been given by the working of order dated seven February 2020 by the department only logic that 31st December 31 March 3 2020 is the time limit has been extended to file a revised due to technical difficulties is there I have put it on my record on my rotation worksheet. That is one or the other. Maybe all these novels, thank you very much and you may even leave empty handed We thought we'll get my third character, you're still there in your pocket is not taken out of a pocket only only the postcard, I would say. Imagine, like I said, I'll stay began during the next question how you stay back Mr. CD rise the shop these are legit. Yes, this is a very short issue in my learned friend has also filed a reply and lots there also there is in fact a clear acceptance issue I must only point out is that under the scheme of this spld rs, one had to Milord submit that the views which have crystallized prior to 30th June 2019 would only be eligible under the scheme for completing the litigation. So my ballades views were crystallized on nine 519. But there was a mistake in that computation of the deuce what had happened is there was an overlapping of demand from some other period, which was included in the earlier show cause notice, so there was a double demand. So I only asked them to correct that which was issued on nine 590 the correction was done by them, but that was after the due date which was prescribed. Now their formula is the question is once there is a clarification or a correction then by the department that would only always not have to apply retrospectively because the demanded crystallizer nine 590 so a computation error by the department should not disqualify me from the benefit of the scheme, because I'm otherwise paying that entire amount of 15%. And I'm eligible under the scheme. They accept this but they say no, since the final communication is after 3619 we will not consider it that's the whole issue is a very short term. Your daily Ico has taken a view directly on this meloche I can even screen share that judgment if your Lordships permit me. There's a direct decision of this on this issue Milord by the Delhi High Court. But that's the short issue and on page 121 of the epidemiologic bootsy the Edit file by monitoring page 121. The alter except dated nine by 19 are the top loads for the shoot to the petitioner to pay the service tax on non declared value in a letter a representation was received dated 20 there is that there is an overlap in demand from April 15. So they accept that the crystalline fy 19 my dues were there, then there was an overlapping I approached them. They corrected that meloche at the bottom on lodge in December 1927 2019 the characters on the next page 122 ballades. So that correction would have no bearing on the scheme larger correction by their error, were they to double demands of two periods overlapping period. So then they revise the demand and I'm ready to pay that to realize demand not so therefore. Please, I cannot rely on the fact that it was due to technical error not outside only. That is I'm not cheating otherwise on my affiliate also, affiliate sales are what has happened instead, the scheme says this cutoff date is end of June with extended up to 30th June 2020. I must point out that even that this was a shabby submission I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Please don't say that cutoff date was 30th of June 2019. What did happen is that due to mistakes admittedly I cannot deny due to our mistake only the amount was on a higher side to which SSE made and represented saying that this is on the higher side on x y Zed wrong with DEP accepted okay yes this is on the higher side and then it was crystallized on December 2019 or here what was quantified the earlier it was quantified is a lot simpler much higher it was 42 crores 42 crores 23 lakhs 6058 rupees alright and later on after revision later after revision is four crore 99 left 3524 he's ready to pay this is so, his claim is that I have to pay 50% of this according to the scheme as a matter of fact principle. This is too much Mr. Shah, you come to page 122 and read para 40 represents like this It is it is your scheme. It is your mastermind figures if you want to achieve some object pleasure such on one hand you use fixed a deadline please when that deadline is adhere to you submit a mistake, you rectify it and then say sorry deadline is over. Therefore come to page 122 and read para 40 that song please I only because it is a request you will learn well I cannot deny from the fact that only don't The reason that officers have to follow the law. They cannot exercise the power. That's only that they are limited their heads on that certificate. If they will pass anything, it will become against them. Otherwise on merits I cannot say much malade so long as they take pastor orders one of Heidi nothing happens to them to your awesome but still they cannot they cannot go over the eggs because access they have to go by the textbook. That's all your redetermination please yourselves that to correctly please ourselves piece after 30th June 2019. Please yourself step one. Now the view taken Is that okay? But have committed a mistake, but sorry, we couldn't rectify it before 30th. June. Now Mr. Davi is pointing out to us extended up to 20. A June 20. Yes. Record? Where do we find it? Yes. That you'll watch it you'll find lots of connects no circular extension on page 87. An extra Team A lot of my petition. The first circular is para three there have maybe seen in x this is an extension of the scheme in the set rules in rule seven for the words within a period of 30 days from the date of issue. The words, figures and letters on or before the end of June 2020 will be substituted. So it is extended up to June 2020. under this law, is that correct? Mr. Shah? It was extended, looking at this pandemic situation everything but order of his rejection was prior to this. That's why the rejecting is scheming wasting, resisting rejecting his application was prior to this notification whereby the date was not extended. This is for the people who were accepted and they had to pay later in point later in point of time, please are not able to apply within 30th of June 2019 sorry. My wrongful rejection mail orders on page 84 where it was loads of rejected on the grounds that in the remark column if you're watching footsie there, they say communicated the cut off on 3690 was cut off late so and so. So they are saying that the communication of the demand is after the cutoff date, which has applied a magnifying glass also. I'm extremely sorry, lots that I'm sorry. I love this. I love our old eyes cannot read this. And my apologies. But I'll take care and for Milord I'll definitely is applying. I've almost done it on all of the petitions. If not, my sincere apologies for this one, even if difficult for me to read, I must say, how did you read out you know what is written there? Because I must be without the service tax liability or is quantified and communicated on? You're not eating correctly it means the service activity was not quantified and communicated. Prior to 2000. It was VND. Yes, so they are saying that it was easy to get to you know the wrongful rejection laws. When they go by the statute, is the statute divided after that date. It was their mistake. And now Michelle and Michelle, you admit that this data has been extended to June 2020. It was extended to June 2020 to pay the amount to pay the amount of debt remains the same? Yes, yes. It's just that this this will not be pleased ourselves will not help you because your liability was determined after the cutoff date. This is this notification will All those were liabilities quantified within the time period, but you have not paid the amount. Yes, yes. So it is an extension of the scheme as all not the cutoff date. Yes, Milord is what I'm saying, after lunch. Please, please, please. After lunch please after lunch Yes, sir, Hey, what's up now, Pickering again? As I submitted, we won't be able to do it. Because what did happen is that the SEC made an application in number for activities produced which are quantified in the month of June, which was wrongly quantified. They made an application in November. We rectified it. We accepted every mistake. Yes, there was a mistake in quantifying the amount. Mr. Shah, please, the re quantification not relate back to the date of your quantification position in which you committed an error. I'm sorry, sorry, what is the date of your first quantification of it? The rate of false quantification is tentative it is in June 2019. It's a win p five 2019 blots 28th may 2019 20 of may 2019 when they made is that was the first quantification 42 Burroughs is no they gave the entire value millage, they gave me a value and they are not doing what they did. Now, after that, for the last day to deposit no matter what 30 June is the last date according to egg by which date if the amount has been quantified, then only this that amount can be taken under the scheme lasted for quantification. News, which has been quantified up till 30th of June, under the under the scheme. Now when the rectification application was moved in the November, November 19, melotte. revise your video. I'm sorry, I just checked it. I'm sorry. Yes. Yes. What are the VAT number? Yes, it is bill on the 20 ballades, the latest 23 1119 when we applied for correction and 27 December is the date of version 12 is the date of correction they made an application on 31st of December. Now, just tell us one thing, please your quantification has been correctly made prior to 30th June 2019 Please, what would be the date of deposit of such liability? determine if the quantification was right before June, they could have made an application for 499 like before December to pay 50% of that amount according to the scheme for December, before December, now, that time of deposit was extended up to 38, May, June 2020 Please, yes, earlier it has much then it was extended up to June June very time to make the payment. So, now as of date there is that time is also gone as of the date time has also gone okay the deposit date has not been extended any further to 21 or something like that No, no deposit question in this case that question will also not arise for the reason that will arise only the application has been accepted. Then only that case will be there is something they have extended I must point out my notes page 92 of my petition. There is one more enabling provision they have done under the scheme. We'll watch it when we have page 92 minutes. What is that? There's a clarification launch para to me read or the matter was put up to the Chairman cbic was directed at zonal cc's to contact the major nuclear parents who are unable to pay up to 3620 duco any difficulty and are likely to pay in the near future. It is further designed that zones may on the basis of the above exercise, broaden estimate of the amount that is still recoverable by 30th September 2020. The following format, so those who are unable to pay for any reason, it has been extended up to 30th September also 2020. As of now it is not for them and extranet for last was 38 September 2020. So petition admittedly was filed much prior to that you So the red yes block supposing we allow your petition yes blocked there isn't how much time would you make the deposit immediately within a month's time Milord within a month within a month Milord because we were already prepped ready to do it at that time when we filed the formula, but they did not accept it. So, only after they generate the S will be RS three number three form I'm able to pay. So, they did not generate it the form three which is required for payment first application itself. So, within a month or launch even within 15 days from the date of receipt of the order I can pay no difficulty we have to pay 50% of this for corrodes, which is about to corrosion. There is a decision of Delhi High Court ballades in reported in 20 2041 DSTL on a very identical Lourdes Lourdes grounds where they are saying that this the scheme itself is an enabling and encouraging scheme where you should not discourage people were coming forward because your whole concept was when the old era of litigations the regime of the central excise and service tax and those views to make a better transition to the GST. This department is not discussing department in saying that we will drink our five year old enough is not required to know that we can do whatever is due under this scheme, we have to pay a lot only that your Lordships should not have been troubled and the department should have enabled rather than these litigation going before the courts Milord's this scheme cannot run for an indefinite period of time there has to be some end and no otherwise, people. But don't do this something where they admit to the rejection. Your facts are different. Yes. The wagon did not wake up and tell them it made sense that you were made along quantification? I did my loads I did. I've been writing to them repeatedly, Malawi, for lots of groups who have returned to the cbse also, Milord's basic which is your first representation against the initial quantification ballades first was on 2311 minutes I only point oh 59 is after how many months six months Oh, but within within the period of scheme, because scheme ended on 3112 2019 originally, so before the scheme expired, I made the representation so that I can give the correct computation in my application, that was the whole reason why. So I decided to go under the scheme therefore I applied and said please make a correction. Similarly, 25th November, I inverted the letter specifically that there is a mistake. And then they quantified it also before the scheme was awarded lots 12 1219 they asked for documents and 23 1119 they corrected the computation 27 well 19, which is before the expiry of the original scheme also paid 64 My Lords paid 64 is their communication. So they say that we have revised it and this was prior But then they only give the interpretation that this is now 2712 is the date of quantification. That's the mistake. They're making lots. Where is it only a revision date 64. Clearly admit the overlapping of the demand under two different millage notices. Just to ask the only thing which a lot simpler to decide is that whether our letter dated 27th of December 2019. correcting the home should be retrospective or from that date. That's the only thing if it helps you a lot similar, what is your submission? There are my submission is that it has been it has it has been the amount which according to the scheme, the amount has been quantified on 27 December 2019 only enhance we have rejected that mistake admit we are not running away from that fact. The moment it was pointed out that there was a mistake on 27th on 24th of November within one month, we won't do it and we rectified it is the scheme. Subsequently this and in that which they said differently 30 of June quantification, litigation pending investigations early overwhelm was comes up but they're still a surprise because and where is the application of November 2019? Please? page 66 00. And then we clearly mentioned that we want to avail the schema lots even in that letter that we have submitted on fight in 19 about willingness of soccer because team so kindly verify the documents and confirm the new physical proof submit the same for sub COVID first, so we have always shown our eagerness to go under this and there are a big amount of 82 perros 26 lakhs 42 852 was considered in the literature for you. Yes, online fy 19 they had issued that amount of 42 was wrong It is 82 that this was the amount which was quantified in earlier manner. Oh, this is not 4282 26,042 26 lakhs 42,008 52. Was it quantified earlier? I'm sorry, it was it was not 42 it was now it is reduced to foreclosure is corporate 99 crores and this is on which day the recurrent ification 87 December 3727. December, that is I paid 64 year olds wente seven December so you are left with only three days. Yes. And you are informed on which date about this recall. It was after the rejection letter is dated 27th. Lord seems lacking. He was informed on 27th. Immediately they applied on 31st of December. For what for under the scheme saying this to this keyword to make a 50% deposit will that benefit. So if they applied on 31st December, was it not within time has been made on December, but they say the quantification is looked after the cutoff date. It wasn't time but they said the quantification of demand was after 3619 therefore I'm not eligible, that is what they're saying. Right. So, the quantification should have been before 3690 the eligibility for applying in the scheme instead one of the eligibility is that your quantification should be done before 20th of June correct correct, because there is some delay on his part also, please ourselves, but but they informed me only on 19th March meloche that I am rejected that is they do they say you are informed on 19th March you had half of March full of April full of may and then the entire June also I have explained you would have taken immediate steps I did I did Milord's then probably could have gone to free quantified it before the deadline. I did that a lot. I have done that once belonged to BC on 19. Three when I was communicated that this has been wrongfully rejected, I immediately made a representation to them in which you preferred 136 minutes I could not because of the COVID situation I've stated in the petition on 36 hours since it was extended on 29 six I made an application to the committee to the chief commissioner of GST under copy to the CBI is 129 620. This is a projection. Where is that that is on record? Yes, that is on page 93 page 93 of my petition loads, then why you had to file a fresh application on 27th of November. 

