These models, these ones must today. These a colleague of mine APB Manon Mehta, who will also be assisting your horses with my ultimate end purpose. He says the vertigo, yes, I've shared the liquid mastermind group. How will you alternative Angelica audio? Who matters each first two. I'll start then to Mr. Mehta. One and two, three and four Mr. Mehta. I'll share the appearances with Mr. Patrick winners. All right, my first My dad is Mr. Perfect. We are not ships the allegation is of illegal lion show. But while real maximum punishment would be seven years more antecedent, and while releasing other activists for Samsung Pay the very quarters observed that there is no prima facie case of illegal land so kindly turn to page 20. If you're a network user what regular well why also because no prima facie case that's why I'm being funny before your Lordships kindly turn to page 20 all of your same in the same boat. But unfortunately, they sink before I they sink only. I'm trying to reach to them but might not kindly consider this and you know, page 24 page 20 compared to your other colleagues 20 What does happen in fact, there is no hunting it's a natural piece of lion hunting. You're not sure where this is from the assassin area. All these people are local residents. agricultural land, there are other people also kindly turn to page 20 for a while my London drunken ancestors record the others have been granted bail then you will also be granted bail. But my lords are when I'm entitled for a day they're arrested and we are committed to pay 90. They clip the clip on with the forest department we like that exonerates me rather clearly. Therefore I'm before your lordship, my legs and can read that portion I read and I translate and your Lordships kindly consider page 21. You say I have shared a video clip. If a lawsuit with the court monster of a lawsuit permit votes, I would humbly alternative to consider that video clip for two reasons. One, my friend says that it is an answer at the moment Your Lordship would kindly have a look at the clip you'll also find that it is not that is one second in Milan as far as the present applicant is concerned. I have instructions from the rain forest officer that in fact, Mark how the incident has occurred. I will point out one of these Ba ba ba who is one of the accused in the present complaint we're not in fact there was a calf which was in fact a car which was earlier hunted and the calf was not really in a good shape. Therefore the present applicant purchased the calf from one of the accused she's brought that calf is brought to an open field next to which these people export trade lion that calf seems on account of that injuries Manoj was making noises that is how these lions and predators were attracted to the calf. They're not covered a bit yes yes. Now not if your losses are too kindly pursue produce that video the video that I've said losses will find a man in a yellow t shirt. He along with other individuals for whom this show was rather arranged. Our digging video clips and losses would be not so nice to know that at the distance of 10 feet. These people are taking the videos notes. It is not a matter of naturally when a lion hunts manage the situation would be different. My area Laci would kindly add that video clip it will make Things You must also go and get page 19 kindly consider this is incorrect This is factually incorrect. I've said that kindly kindly consider that this is not the State of the Union lol chamoy lands on Arctic fud under lindo prosecution now some are gonna pretend to snap around again. So there is no prima facie case what Michael Graham says that clip was run before but try calling the observation that there is no primer basically pay 20 kindly kindly kindly consider it is not the case and your Lordships may also verify that and this is from the region where they call this lioness and Genoa like dog the default them in enormous they're not afraid of the lion. They are very routinely nice chatting with them in but this is a case of natural getting paid 20 I'ma just read my notes for for one minute kindly contains 20 minutes for us department may also assist you Lordships the observations made by the honorable court the very honorable code while rejecting the anticipatory bail application on page 24. That's what I'm saying that it is so contradictory than what the court has also done click my learned friend gesture kindly be logged into the car not going on the finding or any observation made by somebody and you will now now if you go to the punishment and punishment would be part of three years because there is no untying of any animal maximum punishment would be three years kindly consider that unfortunately, my other quick state and therefore they had to go for regular basis. If we train them, you are betraying their trust. Join them immediately, infrared, you're not FISMA kindly considered there is a larger issue not only on these not for one day, this is happening in the area day in day out. And the end these kind of hunting is already going on that natural hunting is there and this is being doubted is going on for us department is filing such type of cases and people are really fed up with that kindly inquire into that also, number of complaint has been lodged. That would be a separate question and we are pretty sure three years punishment no criminal antecedentes being lined up in a single case would be that a single case should be there against you it is not that punishment. My last two submissions as far as punishment parties concerned, I rely upon an order passed by the honorable coordinate benchmarks considering this is a shoe one animal considering the object of the egg and not even punishment aspect is criminal Mrs. Application number one double 636 of 2018 I've shared that order with my with the court masternodes considering even the punishment where it was made, it was in fact one of the contention was that the punishment is may extend to three years and the maximum is seven years minutes not less than three years and may extend to seven years. Even that aspect is considered considering the object honorable Cody after filing of the chargesheet has rejected the application for regular basis our facts are absolutely different a case of lion show but even that was the case to the lion. So naturally when you are my last submission to the honorable court is not that different thing and my friend do may say that there is no antecedent molars, but not I have material that the brother in fact was arrested from the family doing similar kinds of activities in 2018 they have no antecedent yes yes I have one Chancellor one fair chance maybe you and I met sticker condition I will not enter the area for some time domain is some stricken condition all these conditions are relevant to our condition show to be one chance can be given one chance can be given that's my respective submission if he breaches any of the condition naturally is valued automatically weekends while other accused because they've been arrested. He was absconding one more excuses absconding. For me this is and what is the date of the hire? The date of the fire is 35,009 1015 10 2012 1510 2020 my date of offense is the turn of much uglier date. There was no eyewitness nobody filed complaint some video which was taken then become viral on that basis. This has been my boss. But Mr. tolia you see others were arrested. You have responded and you have not room. I'm a local resident no 70 warrant against me. No proceedings against The forest Officer of mod sec, any proceedings to declare me absconding is that I was before the court of law 1510 is the date of their fire I filed anticipatory bail application dejected mmm before this honorable court. That's the humble, respectful submission Milord, not 1000 for the applicant engineer Vijay Vani, learned ABB for the state. She told me I submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. It is further submitted that all that majority of the work use have already been granted waived by the trial court. Regular will, private however, the application of the applicant for anticipatory bail has since been rejected by the court below trial court, a court ruling. Right. Also has also submitted that the Leonard Lord that the lower court has already recorded made observation to the effect that when I say no events appears to have been made out. And it's pretty well granted. I'm grateful to Mr. Raja guru. I'm illumos. Yes. The sooner the better. Before Mr. De romney comes up with something more through connecting to the audio and video, I don't know. There in this applicant have any camera and the students milords Two, two, of course, one of 2020 of the prohibition registered with Bhakti Nagar police station, and one is one antecedentes 2015 that is under Section 304 and 3383 or four and section nine is not not revision to provision and what is the recovery side this time it is around one lakh 10,000 rupees one lakh rupees, one lakh, one lakh, 10,000 rupees 242 bottles, and he has been named by the bog us restaurant accused and He's the owner of the vehicle owner the vehicle miles registered on that is yes. What do you say? My load My name is falsely implicated by the CO accused. Why? And why is going to be your name? How is he? I just given my Wakil to my friend Valerie intalled, my friend and he was getting liquor said I was not knowing that he's going to come back with the liquor. Since he was just a friend. I was just he did not inform me beforehand that you would be using your vehicle for this purpose. Normally, he has not informed me that he is using for this specific purpose Otherwise, I would never have ended over the week. Next time. Don't do it. All right. Please vote please. Granted literally, these words with deep Ragu and the garbage they're running and everything that comes with the applicant submitted that there is only there are two antecedents, one relating to prohibition Act and the other under the IPC. Some reporter submitted that the accused has been falsely implicated. It is also stated that the accused that that the applicant had one of it given his vehicle was spent not knowing that he would be using the same for this illegal purpose. Granted I'm BPO blackmailer, we are live with the largest permission. Yes. placement. Yes. But only one winner in 2000 19 million. 2019 prohibition yes this time I'm what is the recovery yeah II guess Milan nothing is recorded from me My name is not only not been recovered from you but from the your friend who has taken your name how much has been recovered 20,000 worth rupees 28,500 only liquor worth rupees 20 Yes me and he has said that they do you're carrying it for you after one year which is stated that will not be present applicant has given me the liquor to him you Mr. mana you are wearing this Yeah, my wha some issues with on the statement of my friend wrote I just inquire from him how you just find out if he has anything more to add or some further advice he would like to say my boys, please what Mr. schad? Does is I like to read that there was some problem. Ask him to join again. Yes, he's been disconnected. Yes. Mr. Mehta, you would like to add something not one antecedent mar 28,000 licorice pound. Alright, that's all. That's virtually you I'm sure Phil and Congo the applicant actually bundle meta landed ATP for the state. The applicant submitted that the applicant has only one thermal one antigen under the prohibition act of the year 2019. So it is further submitted that the court user a statement stop stop. I said on the spot along with the recovered liquor has possibly taken his name after about a year. Hello. Please help them set up. This is for anticipatory bail. The offenses are under Section 406409 and 420. Yes. What is the allegation against you? Yes, I'm moment. Prior to that I would like to invite my lords attention to page 35 onwards. That's page 35. If my application for registration of a fire against the complainant, I married Mahesh Kumar by Chopra kosha who is the complainant I use the applicant urine is the is the complainant of the said application. Let's end Manish Agarwal jariwala, who is named as an accused is a complainant in this present case. This complaint was given in 123 10 2018. I will not bother by reading the entire complaint but the summons substance was the other complaint was that I had entered into a partnership with the complainant the name and style of a business named Lakshmi creation. The complainant had defrauded me by taking some amount from the joint bank account without my consent and taking my machinery and not giving it to me. Not this complaint was filed in the year 2018. The police did not take any action blogs again. Thereafter, another application was given by me in 2019. That is page 40. Plus, again, no action taken thereafter, prior to the large amount of this complaint again on 2810 2020. I have again given an application, the police does not register the fire. In addition to that I have placed on that product copy of the bank statement and the partnership dates which would go to indicate that I am a partner with this very complainant in a firm named Lakshmi creation and my complaints are pending. Now in view of that the DF IR which is filed on 2511 2020 it is primarily against two persons one is our Juma chakra that is number one and number two is Mahesh Bhatt Chopra said that is the applicant before your Lordships. Both of them are relatives He is my brother in law it cannot be disputed. If the entire complaint is red. What is borne out is that this man sold some goods to Arjun by chakra sir He came he promised The delivery challenge it is mentioned in the complaint itself that on the delivery challenge itself the goods are signed by Arjun pasa the allegations are that two bogus forms are created that are also in the name of Arjun presa. Nothing to do with my age, but Chopra said that is the present applicant, but because of my filing three applications against him, now, he has come up with this version where I am shown as an accused number to the entire transaction if the body of the fire is red goes against the accused number one will not and because of that, I have been merope as an actress, therefore, I am seeking anticipatory Yes, Mr. Davi right here what so far is the luxmi creation partnership is concerned, that dispute was over the form was resolved much prior to now, thereafter, a time and again raises a dispute before the police authority. Not only that, he had also raised a dispute three three litigation dispute before the mediation, there also he failed to pay the documents failed to submit the documents and that is how that is also not worked out. And he had also filed a private complaint which is yet at the stage of inquiry. So mixing up of that partnership dispute with this treason offense is nothing but a misconceived act. Now, there he could not succeed and therefore as in defense, he is raising this before this court. Now so far as president offense is concerned, right, it is a very pre planned act. Now, after he created First of all, with an intention to cheat, they created one proprietary VC firm in the name of movie creation, that movie creation is absolutely fake form, no GST registration, nothing documents goods, which are purchased from me are purchase in the name of movie creation, which farms never exist apart from some documents which are provided, which are fake in nature. After creating movie creation, they created one another form in the name of file creation. Now, their file creation a very active very smartly by creating two forms in the same name. One file creation is a partnership form, where the partners of partners are one portare husband and wife and accuse number one or June and they also parallely created a fake documents of file creation in the name of proprietary safe after taking goods from me without making payment, they siphoned off those goods through file creation, which are proprietary safe and thereby they have sold the goods and not pay now, for this entire transaction with a pre planned manner, they hedge a conspiracy by creating two bogus funds. Now, their complicity of present applicant is there from the very beginning it cannot be diversified or it cannot be bifurcated get a tell us one thing Yes. of year both of you were doing joint business please my then what it fell apart, there was some divorce was in 2018. Prior to this, how come again you started doing business with the same person with you whom you had broken, you separated? Yes, that is how also I would like to point out how he acted smartly, because this is a form that the raw material which were available in in partnership form that raw material was lined with me at the time of bifurcation it came to me now those that investigation we carried on if the charges while they will apply for Well, this is a appears to be some kind of a civil dispute and both of you are lodging complaints against each other and carrying on like that sector defense which he wanted to raise he has not been considered by anybody. Now in this dispute, he again comes up with the same defense. Now my lords it is not a simple dispute now creates a law I am considering this only for Mahesh because according to the complaint, now the transaction has been made with our June when it comes and you raise this point we will distinguish this order Robertson's order will do Mohit creation is in the form of the displacing petitioner. That is incorrect. It is mentioned in the complaint itself that our June came and that dealings with agile in the fight itself. pile on to the fire concerned our journey is not available he is absconding try and get him with them. They both are real brothers brother in law's brother in law. Yes, yes. Now our journey is now expanding. Now he's the complexity cannot be bifurcated from the opportune ticket creation for bogus forms, why it's a very serious thing which I would respect Police submitted that request custodial interrogation, somewhere. Even the ad is better your main order also provides for custodial investigation, where does it stop it? There is a specific provision mentioned that the investigating officer wants to take him on demand he will cooperate in that, yes, but that is already there. Yes, I am not the only one who is duped milers. The by creating a faulty rescan that he will take care of that how to perform they create virtually die for us. However law lead counsel for the applicant must remain then meta learner DBP for the state, as we have with the way learned how to caring for the complainant. counsel for the applicant submitted that two persons have been named in the fire namely the applicant and his brother in law or john. Also it is for the submitted that the dealings of the complainant are said to be with us john and not with the patent applicant. And therefore, his case will be considered separately. And he said as it stands on a different footing. Also, it is also submitted that but it may look good. Sorry for the interruption my notes but movie creation is the form of the present applicant. His son's name is his his one minute Mr. The way please understand his statement to the effect that in your complaint you have mentioned that the transactions were made with john, is it correct or wrong? No Yes or No, in my fire complicity of both the persons have mentioned publicity and can always be there because of partnership because of being relatives because of being otherwise. But have you or have you not said in your complaint that it was urgent who has transacted with you know I cannot both the persons who have transacted with me read that part of the read that part of the complaint. Yes Milo's me kindly feed a fire. When he makes a statement, why don't you revert it then in there that the transaction was it more than the higher a specific on that aspect? Yes. Why did not want out there when you are making a submission, you must immediately do it that this is a wrong statement. And there was specific case in the IRS that the transactions were both measured on June, but he actually read that part. Yes, my TiVo, Kalamata cattleman. Mahesh, but I said, I said I'm kidding and why now mark and Rob with Mattel avilla mile chapter algo por de la gente are doing the Santa Monica Tama katama. Market new journey by to chapter elgamal Allah Kadena Mr. Luke Perry, but jello mile Chappie JT patio patoka is Abdo Facebook. may have had a little luck bearing me dando Sorocaba paid in damage GST number miroglio paling Nikita aloo humara saya Mahesh bacha Prasanna bootrom with nonempty NaVi Bertie savoca de Sonic amnis or whatever GST number mirrors the ordinary matter which was but also rakhee company era by VHS maruchan movie creation and ma File Print no dando Sabo karela de dandara Juliet moody up so and so delivery ciarlanti foil paper eater this laxative idea eternal so and so the tama ml or June Trossachs other delivery Turner sanitary Cotai speaker L and in my lap a self funded us to Korea by generic oil brand new comes Hello Carl no seroma hispasat panna cotta aka our luggage Hello Anna to marketing data patient learning time farewell Aguila so he was also there he was also present he was also doing activity of collecting money everything is meant same order. Please, it's next Annalisa with the permission of the robber Why? I may also gosh I will use the permission. Yes, much of it. Lock chips is lots of wrong I've been in this business prohibition my loss I have been. How long have you been in? I was earlier? my notes I was there are a few antecedents of the past in last. How many antigens seven minutes, seven. In all of prohibition in the past life matters. That's why that is how the accused number one knows me and he has named doing the to save the actual person was the consignee of the eye so the abuser was arrested on the spot malice in Lumira was my inquiry in last two years I have no NT smells. Government we will consider that not anticipatory. Mr. Tucker Am I audible My Lords? You are audible but your video has some problem. Yes, men are semi audible now you're audible and visible. Yes yes. So this is not a case where it is between this is a case mallards no spit on pilots my last me consider the last two years I have no interest in my good boy for two years no no no no I'll be very fair my notes I was also detained under pasa my notes after I was detained under pasa I have never been in this business only the accused number one since accused number one knows me he wants to save the actual consignment I have been your accomplice for years no why would he again take your name if you are not doing business with him? If he was really that known to me he would know know my loss but he would tell name of other person matters not my name my last name my average regular value my lots one chance might be given I am not in this business my nose my nose messy to eat this trapeze Well, I learned counsel for the applicant thank you for the state laws stringent conditions favorable to me my lords, it has been pointed out that there are seven previous cases registered against the applicant will stop if if such this would not be a fit case for exercising discretion or granting anticipatory bail. Application please. five min amla Kira number Hello, my name is Akash Tucker and Mr. Mehta. What are you? What's your 55678? Yes, Mr. Michel Mehta. diesmal. The complainant has been a lossy coupler after a period of nine years not under Section 406. And for multimodal transportation applicants alleging that there were the revenue summary transition annual order the applicant transaction is by way of cash demo or account transfer. No expert the complainant will notice he has paid some amount by case and will not open five lakhs will not see is paid by check against me. Now you admit that amount goes directly to your account. Normally in February then there are four partners will not and not the complainant is not getting paylogix scheming not me or somehow Mila thereafter load deflate flare dispenser will order it does not mean diva thereafter the applicant applicant is led from the passive formula, he was not the partner, but there are three partners who would have canceled the date of the cocktail and not see what that is not going to help. One thing is very clear, if you have taken money and a short something and you are not fulfilling your obligation question would be whether it is a civil dispute or it is some kind of cheating or fraud on the party right. Now, the complaint as it mentioned makes the case under 406 or 20 IPC amount is admitted to have been created into your account. Either you pay off and come and you get bail, anticipatory or whatever other settlement compromise whatever you want to do. Otherwise, let the liquidation go on. And you get regular when you're the applicant is given check off your 2.5 does not which is returned against 10 minutes yes only pay for the application under one section for under under Section 138 of the next minute. That is one remedy wonder yes but this GTM does raise your prices are separate. Normally, yes, we'll pay the amount we'll buy. It just not yes paid not to Lesnar by rtgs nine lakhs by case no, the entire amount is needed to return back to the complainant. But on that note sees demonic interest we are on the only winner or whatever this is you say that whenever you made that statement that you have repaid that amount by rtgs. And now she's demanding interest and so for that what was mentioned a little but I mentioned in the DI The only amount is returned back to the complainant, there is no new mo if you have returned the amount by adding bank details will compare is that you show us Yes, we are going to hide is that this is a purely civil transaction and she's not pressurizing us to pay interest. In ground email documents and pair of page five grounds he separate the applicant and other four processes launched in partnership but thereafter due to some issues the applicant has removed himself from the state scheme in partnership and father of partnership and father of the complainant is relative of the applicant and due to this reason other partners have cancer to be accepted and father of complaint alleged to be too flat in the series in one of three ways and second use of two BHK. And so far as three base is concerned, the possessor of shade fat is given Miller clean. However, the applicant has written all the amount who complainant and component is demanding double interest from the opinion as Father of the company's retired police officer. There is almost five documents in support of your statement right here that you have returned the amount how you returned it to last year by way of rtgs and nine less by case law, what is the date of the rtgs transaction which bank which account where is that slip? Now she may not keep it to I'll get the shots when it was not given back and on which date no date has been paid day after tomorrow, if you guys will use that slip on this date we have done this amount because in tomorrow's cash aspect is concerned that cannot be through either receiving or giving the amount transferred by jack. If that had been repaid. Something can be said. Well, I'll produce it right there for tomorrow. Please. Okay, should we be shall method and counsel for the applicant? race was granted 24 hours time to find a supplementary affidavit annexing document to show how the amount created in the account of the applicant was returned to the complainant by rtgs mode as alleged pollster put up this case. This this case on Thursday 24th. Listen permission to BP has appeared for the state medic limiter, but yes, these are words. In this study a lot of ships are considered one of the tools in CRM 1948 in this case, he has no antecedent at all, CRM 19418 of 2020 only one line with Jane Miller in that case your Lordships have written no antecedent worth mentioning in this case, no antecedent at all. This person is what is the number 19418 of 2027 fire your fire, we have 506 I will say the same but if my lord only one yes if my lord permit only edition, but I am today's instance we wrote the entire agreement to sign holder and secondary reason instantly mobile gathered to protect the out of the complainant. that confuses him if I am Yes, you say be fair, no, no, nothing guys up and 506 towards bailable. But because I agree. Yes, and we're minute I'd say two years but it was seven years. Now I remember that it is seven years old. We keep a chart now I seen that chart. And I told you last year when I opened the book, it was seven years in my chart it was two years therefore imperative data is definitely yesterday you were preparing for somebody else. Yes, yes for Miss Lodi Miller. Julia she is because she Sometimes filing in Kelly's name on the lighter side was a lovely experience looking away her journey without open counsel for the applicant and she reminded me that I learned AVP for the state. Joe is now order here was making on dateline a gap. There are no criminal antecedents of a man named antecedent. Well worth mentioning as I roll it over this lunch. Male human right. Publix. Thank you. So logic, yes. But they What are your criminal antecedents? So as per my instructions that this is the first offense You're not? Yes. Yes, Murphy is correct. Military. He is the father of Demeter. Aqs was named in the fire and Mill Road as far as far as I don't do damage, there are no antecedents. devadatta learned counsel for the applicant and remember and meta learner DPP for the state that comes with what the applicant submits that the applicant has been falsely implicated. So there's whether submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents and is also submitted that no recovery was made from the applicant and the name of the player your logo with the Khadija Ito vi against a VI. It's also submitted that the applicant has been won the gift magazine. May I leave you alone? But after next, have lunch, Mr. Chairman, sorry. But in fact, we don't use he would be the main person but must be Yasmin sorry. Yes, Mr. Manzoni, why not? It is NTC How long have you been in this business? Or not? I'm not involved. Hello, can you see the fire? No, I'm not asking about involvement. That of course, you will see you are not involved. What I'm asking you how what are your criminal antecedents? There is a mention in the order page number 20. There is a certain number of such offenses is mentioned but not Wednesday, how much offenses is against the how many cases is the first answer to the query of Lordships? How long he has been in the business since 2014 2014? Yes, 2014, two offenses 2017 1717 17 for offenses of 17. Two offenses of 27. Sorry, one oh 14 four of 17 and two of 2019. mileage, mileage So Mr. Missouri This is not a good case for anticipatory will follow kindly appreciate followed may be entitled to regular Will my look I only appreciate the these are often there is a one man co actors from the beater house from the house of the metallicity covered my Lord, reject that lady's already granted the anticipatory well by the coordinate by the limits This is called by law I managed to have the same number of antecedents Yes, we're Nazis also having a certain number of agencies in TNC wherever you send that alert, I'm Enix the order page number a Anika D page number 23 Milo 23. Page Number 23 is order passed by the Lenape SSL Scott for granting anticipatory bail to the accused from the from House of wisdom with the man is recovered my daughter I am residing away from 25 kilometers away from that house minor. Our house hello there my friend. We only read page 29 para six minutes. Why she is considered the present the applicant before you watch this Jana Jana has been to getting out patrolling within jurisdiction of Sara police station and while coming to bardella yo got information that applicant accused obtained prohibited move Amal from COVID use Janabi and keeps the same intervals for the setting for the purpose of sale. Thereafter my notes from where the Moodle is obtained that ownership could not be found out Therefore, it is considered knowledge. My friend may point out if there are any antecedents I take instructions, but it is not coming from the as the session board was granted anticipatory will considered about the antecedents. My note there is a an out of these Milord my learned friend says there is a some incident out of that Muller he is acquitted in some of offenses murder and I Mr. Missouri just voted and I know it now the last one year and four months yeah 90% of prohibition cases there is acquittal 90% 90% accurate and valid here the Kylie does not mean that you have not committed the offense by highly appreciate well here they are therefore you were in a private way you know that is not the case for anticipatory bail highly appreciate why not what happened why not hear that there is a nothing nobody's present my lord at the time of the raid my lord nothing will mama at this house did not belong to me my houses belong to the as per the case of the prosecutor would anybody take your name nobody wins nobody no nobody taking them in these fit only police is having a secret information with their cell phones Would you please argue something which is sensible name and how the police coming to know of your dead therefore might not I don't get a dream in the night that was a jacket in one there is a case where there is a page number to Milo Milo in a minute why not? This is the secret information only from the police might not be there for laws these complex models where nobody's given my name Milo nobody's there one guy my name in the entire fire my lord Elysee I may permitted to read the fire manner. Page Number Two Why not? Why not do the page number to start my lord Sarah polish is on page number three petroleum Mata Damion perdre Gamma Delta apps I have never p model K. hu p mangalia. Gum no Manoj Pinto fake Apogee puggy Is it fair isn't it is a nanny pass at a party of an hour to VDC darwaza taba gummy adini taki possibilities to keep in good faith Kokila Bharati chohan nanny a movie in our head I'm a gamma Centauri Rocky, Tory to PT which encourages that is the information gathered by the police Milord. And on that information, they are read this house my Lord and from the house nobody is found only from the house the leaker was rupees 30,180 is for murder. And for that these offenses registered against the to accuse my lord one number one is a lady melodic used to keep in and another is number two is present applicant by law. Number one is already granted by the anticipatory bail by the lender it says caught my Lord, the same role between the two Africans why not and one is already granted the anticipatory bail My Lord. And not only these might not the same type of offense also registered in the month of September while the identifier is also I'm an expert on the same type of mentioning of the last word is also changed by not only date is changing characters have mighty mummy and daddy as for that information I take the rate maratea Fire is also an ex addict said he paid number 35 Milord that is a from second September 2020. Well on the same place same person against the one earlier office is also registered. On Sam stories mentioned Milo. Even the story is not telling Milord Garrett about puberty then there is part taking the secret information day go that parents and then found the leaker Milo that is specific stories within the board to fit our model. With over 35 years of offense register one second September and this present offense is registered on the fifth October mellow Sam story in both FIA armello what we're seeing our bodies change but Mr. Missouri before making very sure. Come to page 30 of your paperwork. Yes the last line last to line man. No third line from the top. Yes. What do you do the housing present two points and the recovered the Moodle from the house. Have the applicant in absence of the applicant. That is my not my house my Lord. Looking to the affidavit of the Iota and the police papers on record, there are no past criminal antigens of the accused and the order on the acquiring with the IU. I asked you a specific question whether that lady had any criminal antecedent just like you had you said no, yes, yes. A number of keys in here. It is a case of no criminal antecedent while having an incident at page number 35. Rejected page number 35 is self against the same lady that gave me the length ranges and with archery with the husband zurriola. counsel for the applicant engine damage the attorney learned DPP for the state holster, it is admitted to the red counsel for the parties that there are seven criminal antecedents of the applicant under this final pay my friends, minor carrier present right from the year 2014. Case for anticipatory application there is another fit their pre application I prefer tomorrow while before this honorable court might note that the application is registered against the earlier fireman check to the dairy that is it's my body's come and it is restate tomorrow at serial number five before this honorable court my law very well informed me I only kept this matter tomorrow minute I give you the Pacific instruction whether against the lady how much you have offenses registered by law, I basically give the affidavit of the IO is worth the learner judge has recorded and that's what I read out to you therefore might not I say therefore, you should have been careful in making that statement. Yes, well, it gives a very wrong impression to the poor no minor fairness and truth coming out from the council's and not a misleading or a wrong statement. Yes When I specifically state a case against the city there is a antecedents is there my will because my locally kept tomorrow cannot both matter maybe hard together and I produce some documents with the sewing that after you should have made this request in the beginning that you would like to argue this matter tomorrow now after the order is passed you want an adjournment versus not what I appreciate wisdom on jury you should have made this request in the beginning. My god I'm sorry for that. I feel sorry for that. I'm also sorry, I can't manage the board I have to run the porn. I can't give a you know accepting requests at the beck and call of the lawyers and whenever watching him he can make a request no if you're worried with the matters will play now the order is passed. I'm only requesting that melodic aim produced us the boy applique that equate to the antecedents might not it is a pacifically there is a correct is it antecedents is there my not very imperative with a lady there are reasons for granting a minor applicant is not present nothing is found from the present applicant bollocks no The house is not from the present applicant will be entitled to gain Yes, why not? Why even when you have seven criminal law decisions, yes. Next. Mr. Manish I look then my I may be permitted to withdraw my very well. Thank you Well, after I do do some live stream also we learned counsel for the applicant states that this application we would dismiss as withdrawn leaving it open to the applicant to avail such as a remedy that may be available under law. Also it is made clear that no liberty is granted to file a fresh anticipatory bail application all of the remedies are however open oblige application is accordingly rejected as well rejected memories withdrawn my courage My Lord but it is dismissed as withdrawn rejected as withdrawn dismissed as not praised rejected is not best whatever you say. Wait till the halfway man leaves this meeting. Yes Thank you apply which is next game. Mister Mani Spartak is up. Anyway, audible violets? Yes, Mr. Singh and Mr. Lockhart is appearing. Yes. Yes, Mr. McCarney. Gee, look, this isn't an offense floats in the fire in connection with tests to side permitted by a person who used to sit in my office. Now, what has happened a lot he says that I have given to 10 persons below certain amounts, what amount he is not specifying. When he has given any amount below he is not specifying, at which place he is not specifying their optimal loads before one and a half month. He tells to his wife that I am in pressure. I have given so much of money to so many people, but because of the lockdown I'm not in a position to recover the amount and ultimately a lot of people are asking for the recovery. Their formula to the left for the purpose of collection of the amount mullets for Mumbai or and to be more precise, if you notice, can you see the date in the fire? will have the date mentioned the five minutes Randy's living? This banker has committed suicide. Yes, willows. He says that I was doing this money landing business models with the president petition sitting in my office. So in fact, a banker has committed suicide because he could not recover his money recover his money was not under pressure of others, saying that you repay the amount that he committed suicide? No, no, no. He does save a lot in the suicide note. But Pilates is a smaller spelling in the suicide note the name of 10 persons and equal load the money yes. Yes. Looks now now kindly See, kindly see a lot that he leaves in the bar. Can you see the day? Well looks on page 70. He leaves on 29th of September to go to Milan swappi for the purpose of collection of remount and then Milan sixth of October. At Baroda did he commit suicide in a hotel. Now Incidentally, Milan, I am a lot I suffered a COVID-19 disease and I was in the hospital from 27th of October till seventh of October. And further Stickley advise Milan to be quarantined for 14 days thereafter. Now, what is this? I see different design. These are the Facebook actually Yogesh like honey. learned to be assisted by Mr. mohnish. But not for the African. And she removed the mainland ndpp for the state. From silicon he submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. deceased committed suicide for whatever reasons. In any case, there is no evidence of any abatement. That's just the ingredients of Section 306. IPC are not made up at all is a bit well granted. Like Like I'm leaving a lot just kind of Yes, on that. Is Mr. Meyer the site as a anticipatory bail malicious offense was registered Angus Mercer under the prohibition act 2001 watching the proceedings on YouTube or if there is one argument, if yes, your lawsuit may consider my mother his mother's the license holder, let's say in yungas, Union territory of government, we have the license to sell Mullah liquor, we are not the owner of the liquor in this preservative suppose all these fire smells, all these antecedents was the only substances that was that some person was arrested upon asking where he got his back actually goes against you don't Are you disabled? No. All the licenses are there for you or bring you in excess of 1,000,001 argument was an extra fee was paid them 22 months 127 June Malaviya already given in on leaves matters. We are not even operating this wine shop. And then after this effort was registered in the MDC, our role matters in the present fmos Our role is the owner of the kalavati wine shop owners that is even not true minded. Candy similar spirit number 22 molars access fee so they say you understand it very well. This is not a gift for anticipatory well, but you may come in regular well, where are you lucky in that case, from what I will become Yes. But you're gonna say Mr. Bailey Yes, thank you. Next is Mr. nimish Patel. Yes, Mr. Putin please Russia, Russia. Literature. Yes. Now your serial number 12. It is anticipate reveal by not enter minors the present definitely contains the father of the victim minors and the manager all actives are in enlarge on anticipate rebel quad the petition is number one minus 2334 and five minutes does granted anticipatory bail these money will or quote minus i ns order page to NYU You are the father of the victim. Your father the victim and you will be named the fair. That is my last poster for the abortion. Yes, my daughter My daughter and the act is number one is having the law of minors. And there are the created dispute My Lords and the minors. The now Amanda girls is deciding the applicants akyuz number one house miners also right now to put appliquer Ayana Do you suffer? Yes my lord I am for suffer. I've done a variety of the abortion. Yesterday unfortunate, but it will not it will be but it was not about the child the female child was born. They have tried to abort it but we had a premature delivery she had bone she was left deserted the female child was deserted a fallen poorer home title and without during the treatment the female child did expired and that is a Milady accused persons are Milady police's find the fire again take this person. Yes members. So why is religion 13 they're not the allegation on the petitioner accuses German when he was knowing that the affair was the proof Preferably prosecutors will take his number one, then below the day she had ever conceived the pregnancy. first minute they have tried all the accused persons have tried and attempted murder to abort the child. But there is the abortion. Abortion was not possible on the next day widowed or premature child was born at the parent who were Milhaud, she was deserted by the person petitioner and other accused person that his mother also to the parent pushes you home during the treatment without the child is expired and that is not the offense is registered against all the accused considered but you know, she was female the majority we prosecute race was considered by the age 20 order whereas most females and rhinos the actives number four and five also granted my logic of page 21 miles a lot of miles 24 miles just is super just orders my last 234 and 5am granted my notes may or may not be a fire third city nimish Patel learned counsel for the applicant actually Mandarin meta learner DBP for the state. At the outset, it has been pointed out that three other cocubes have already been granted anticipatory bail by this court. Wait orders, which are next as the next number see. So this petition application the applicant comfortable the applicant is paid for parity being extended to the present accuser applicant also having as the role assigned to all the accused is more or less the same. no distinction or difference would be pointed out by Leonard granted. Please rushing me I knew logic. Yes. neither party. Yes, we have already anticipated opens register on the previous and agnostic and no antecedent is August 22. This is their money. These icons I've just confirmed that you will have given virtual mirror for Dr. When it comes for the applicant. Actually that which they have done he done a DPP for the State Secretary of State submits that the applicant has been falsely indicated on the statement of abuse. It is further submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents the above facts have not disputed by Leonard He granted obligors permit Yes. Mr. dk chose to retire. But that really gets you on nouns entry. Do you have any information about which or dkH agree the next one? No, he says no request to customers. Maybe someone else is appearing on his behalf or something like that. But I have not received any message Mr. Devaney, please. This is again a case of prohibition, my lords and he's been found in possession of liquid wash miles which is used for making airborne results. Now if you found in possession of this, why are you not arrested? And is better because by you the information was that this is a place where he's carrying out this activity but he we found this controversial, but he was not. Oh, yeah. If you understand my antecedent, yes, antecedent one of two of 2015, one of 2018 but Roy Bishop milords, which Naga City Police Station don't region Yes, all three, all three prohibition words, three maga ways to Malacca including the three they put them if lodgings are to consider this then for them for the previous two of 2015 one of 2018 and as of 2020 okay Peter please no she did he allottee liquor is not found, but not CB one boss doximity used to prepare the minister liquor. Even worse, you are up to distribute you are running a dictionary that liquor is not found on the it is found from the pharmacy it is not in a particular position it is not occupied in the patient allottee it petitioner has a past history. There are three antecedent regime into logic that is to turn 15 occupy is that I am heading for TT affiliate filed by the IU two of 2015 very logically that we did my research and it was actually really good soldering cotton for the applicant and she loved me and she won the image of running the APB for the state led Council for the applicant submits that no liquor or any such material set to be used for making alcohol was found from the devices owned by the applicant. And the this photo submitted that there were two three previous cases two in the year 2015 and one in the year 2018. Under the prohibition act, no further submits that in two cases the applicant has already been acquitted. losses are good that the applicant has been falsely implicated Bran could begin to anticipate people have lived or typically have a quality of life total prohibition 39 almost 20 meters or more television. Next again, my friend appears your friend will argue with you please note this anticipatory bail offenses under prohibition Act One antecedent lapse in past only one business when which year 19 2019 2021 it is 20 only Milady narrow dem MW limited time I may be mistaken. Subject to verification on come learn if you will was piloting the vehicle mirrored when the leaker was was piloting that he didn't access but because the prosecution intercepted the second regular and he managed to escape Lordships alright. Sitting shall have been either 1000 for the applicant NC Milan Mehta than a DPP for the state. That causes what the applicant submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. It is next submitted that there is only one previous criminal guest of under the prohibition against the African Losses admitted that they are getting they were surprised on account of the statement of proposed huge granted up limits Yes. placements what's the one thing that I will miss all counselors are available for yes any other Passover oh god everyone is yes. Yes My love's This is an offence under GST act under Section 132 one C and D of the GST act allocation the maximum sentence roided sorry, what is the sentence broidered intense is a maximum up to five years up to five years and says well are you do I am in jail since 20 1028 approximately 55 days. That's what is your best argument? My best argument is that case against me is under 130 to one C and D means my cells are not disputed cells. If bogus invoices are issue, then my senses and then allegation under 132 one B for the issuance of bogus invoices. Only ITC is wrongly availed. That is the allegation in the notice. That is the allegation in the complaint. Now that's all that's all legit. Mr. Mehta, you have to say one thing or two things if my laws permit Yes, hello this being economical offense below and secondly below nine crore or in 94 lakhs milada excision loss is dead will to the state government bogus bills have been created, bogus Aadhaar card invalid from his laptop they have been created that is what he is facing delegation. may end investigation is ongoing that is these are my submissions. No, he says that the ITC has been wrongly availed tortured, that is the allegation in the campaign. Lordships but may not be the investigation till for advocate emerge. They are Lordships it can be done because module regarded among from my previous history and history as No no, no, no. No. And secondly, all right. So, whatever credit diversity learn this for all your life. Then once the court has made up his mind to grant you an order, don't argue, please, Mike, please, Mike, you may slip into a bit please. I wasn't happy, I am not sorry. I'd be careful. Hurts in Europe for the applicant and Shame on them without any day before the State Council for the applicant submits that the applicant has no criminal antecedents it is further submitted than the complaint lodged by the GST department comma The only allegation is of illegally and wrongly availing the input tax credit software just submitted that in case of such wrongful availment karma the department can always rectify the same and recover the amount but no criminal liability should be passing. On the other hand, Shri Manoj Mehta submit that the amount illegally claimed avail is huge. turning into more than nine crores. next paragraph considering the plain old kiger that the applicant is in jail since 28 October 2020. I'm pleased my matriculation may leave. Why not? Yes. Yeah, this is a three after charset regular bail application, the complaint file after eight days without allegation again present applicant is that he has helped build the main accused to kidnap the complainant. rasilla see the page 8 million other queer Kugler who has helped a complainant. Who has helped them remain accused is released by the Sessions Court. You are the main accused? No, I have not the main main acquitted Milady nervous, nervous. Nervous, right? Yes. He has been granted bail by decisions good. No, he's not. He's done. Well, I asked him another practitioner who has helped me a lot the nervous by there have been better. Yes. Your role is similar to the other. Yes. Yes. Yes, very ordinary loads. Considering when the girl is aged 16 somewhere she says that there is some kind of relationship but here is a case. There is not a single element of the girl that any kind of relationship with a boy was there. On the contrary, in the statement she says that at midnight, when she had gone to attend a nature scholar she was lifted by the present applicant and nearby. Thereafter she is taken to the place of the sister of the main accused, where somebody had done who is released on bail. But when the girl was in the village, this pleasant applicant and the other main accused, they in fact lifted the girl she's aged 16 years three months. Of course, there are no allegations of 376 against the present applicant. The role is that of helping. But here is a case not even considering a statement before the medical officer which means if required, I may share to the honorable court. She says the entire incident in a manner which has occurred. The main occasion the present accused lifted definite since this is after church it no allegations of 376 but some stringent conditions if ultimately appealed to the honorable court and may not use has not been granted. Well. No. It is not granted. There are what is not granted for the applicant until they're made the money up for the state. Let the applicants admits that there are no allegations of rape against the applicant. What's up the main accused number five is still Indian has not been released on bail. However, other co accused were also named in the fire and in during the investigation against whom Joshua has been submitted. have been granted bail by the court. The applicant is in jail since 99 2020. Granted here's my Yes. Here's what to do let me build up Apache chassid file investigation is yo Europe's t 70 984. Double one of Indian Penal Korea rocks maximum punishment to celebrate we will get nine nine how many good Roland aetiology beat eight. It is pleased that August 2018, you know, similar in nature, you don't. In some cases I never one would say to generalship I never coordinated under your logic will order some 25,000 students cannot recover from the budget applicant your lawsuit by images last six months your logic and maximum punishment just he or she will not justify the investigation. Is your your logic? Yes, with the law to say something. Yes, yes, yes, yes. But there are in all five offenses of 2018 of 392. of Sula, a good police station, one of 2019 but thereafter, it appears he has changed the place cologne City Police Station 379, a similar chain snatching Canole taluka against chain snatching. And this again is an offense of chain snatching. We're not now 379 is there is an amendment who knows I don't know why my friend says three years I'll immediately because this is the punishment is harsher as far as 397 is concerned. And most considering the past a deterrent was in fact yesterday there was a matter where your Lordships have not exercised discretion in fact that is adjourned to January with 10 antecedents we're not therefore at this stage the humble request to the honorable court is your autism kindly not exist discussion we're particularly considering this antecedents models. I am in jealousy slough signature logic, it is the 25 year old for having a responsibility of the family and the family responsibility the visit to St castlegar Ganga up to Kampala, Ghana is your logic but condition may be equals your logical consider the responsibility of that or that person whose real goal geniusness not any of these 79 A would be 10 years from subject to correction or what my friend I just found the record from the unbelievable I'm within six months having genealogist important SDKs condition Your Lordship with nine cases of the past and history condition is not going to help you it's better you stay inside so that the society is safe here you are spoiling the reputation of your state is considered to be a safety in my notes I write but I never ended quote in the report editor Your Lordship all the persons who are caught in this should be never alone. This is my soul bound your logic and more than six months I will send it into diamond genealogical 24 years old person your logic i think is my loss will not be entered by Milan since last week's imposes the condition route if my loss function outside of the state I will 28 dry six months over over 70 odd years not CBT so I want to Milan might be in December your last name July August September October November December we vitamins ooh in January. I mentioned roti just completely disable your logic January why after season judges last five months please geologically appreciate a lot I have no sympathy with the habitual you know change other than roadside robbers. But this is not a case of 392 This is a case of bad thing that you put the entire society into fear of moving out freely. But in the present case you lost just 25,000 I was not placed on the bezel place of Cardiology cannot recall from the patient ambulances again. Let this matter be listed again before the appropriate code on 20th January 2021. The library shall not be treated as tied up to this which and will be hurt by the appropriate bench wherever Mr. Mr. State please. Yes, good for my lords. Please my readers only, yes, my mother's regular beta application after Chachi the offenses of 2018. No fr is not by the prosecutor itself, which is my daughter Milo's very serious allegations have been made against me my looks is real. at the behest of my daughter, her father, her mother in law, and his and her other family members miles. What did happen my notes if my lats may kindly see an extra D, our annex one complaint, which is lodged by the present applicant with the Commissioner of Police, that that our mother, mother in law and other family members are threatening her and, and are forcing her to further payment minds. What did happen in 2018, my notes, the wife of the present applicant had met with an accident while she was undergoing a treatment in a hospital, but after proton treatment, she could not be saved. During this treatment, my notes a total of around nine lakhs was spent in the hospital milords for a treatment. So out of these nine lakhs milords considerable amount was spent by the family members of the wife minds. That is the mother is of the present applicant and other family members of the wife minds. So when she could not be shoved my notes after that my notes, she's dead spent huge amount of money, my lord they asked for the money that they had spent the mother in law and family members, but the president only always may be correct. Yes. The daughter lodging and a fire against the father and making such allegation. Yes, mine is a very serious matter. That is after a period of four years minds during all this period, nothing she has been. Nothing has been said by her mileage to anybody. It is only after the death of the mother my notes the everything has come up my notes. Always Mr. Mehta, Myra McKenzie appreciate the chronology maturity date of birth of the prosecute Trixie sixth of February 2004. Six February 2004 2004. Milan in 2014, when she was mirrored around 10 years, default incident of rape was committed by the Father. It is a one of the most dangerous crime your father committing rape on a 10 year female daughter, Mila, then, in 2018, the mother had met with an accident and unfortunately she had expired. Thereafter, Milan the prosecutor has malodorous change the place of residence. She had Milhaud joined to the grandmother nanny. There are premier lot the entire story was narrated by the prosecutor next to nanny, she called him your courage to file the case this present without complaint in 2018 before the police authority and that is it has been registered medical evidence is mirrored. That is the history given before the medical officer is also supporting the case of prosecution. So mirrored multiple incidents of rape from 2014 to 2018. When the mother had expired, and there are criminal he went to the place of nanny that his grandmother did present petitioner and try to get the custody of the minor daughter at Domino's she could get up the courage and fight Sunday's criminal complaint and therefore a minute I would pray that my lord mechanic not exercise any discretion if your division petition problems just only the first minute timely I medical papers may be seen my notes I may be permanent to supply at least it may be kept for some time my notes I would supply the whole chart check my notes. Well, that is a bit of following the right path. Mr. Sony comes with what we have to countries for granted for weeks time to file for the reputable in support of the rare for less on 27 January 2021 before the appropriate court. It shall not be treated as I tried to put this bench with Mr. Mullen meta learner DBP appears for the state problems Please, I may be permitted to take please. Mr. Jackie Jackie lucky Chang please. Yes, this is regular bill after filing of charges section 376 minutes IPC your audio and text of love and marriage, the relationship of religion what is the length of relationship? period? Five years months, five years? Why did you not barrier once you had made the promise? My son Brad that ready to get married once? I'm still ready to get married. But then why is she logic? Well, she she's having a doubt that I'm having an affair with another girl. And therefore, the company is made worse if mothers mislead the statement of the girl. I connect with annexure the ministry starting by saying that we are only friends medicine, there is no such relationship or it's relative. Yes, Michelle Devaney. If it means he's ready to if he's ready to marry the prosecutor is the statement we recorded mirrors appropriately. We are not doing that now. Decide what they want to do. My words. Lucky hurts to be Jackie lucky Chan. The applicant actually won the battle me datp for the state. Also, counsel for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 1510 2020. It is further submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. Full stop it is the submission of counsel that the applicant and the complainant, whatever a relationship and now for some reason that they have fallen apart that the fire has been launched, alleging rape and breach of trust. What's up the relationship I've been for more than five years. Bill granted I'm grateful to my aluminous Congresswoman assemblage What's up everybody? My Lords. He joined in five minutes, these moments please Yes usually next to Mr. Kesh? Mr. C cache is not here Chetan Kumar sharp Kumar God forbid tekniska. Is check DB Korea. Yes The Mercado. De Nani, we are taking up Brazil number 22. islands. Yes, Mr. Korea, Milan. Regular Bell after charset offenses under Section 302. And sections of writing are invoked against the present applicant. I'm claiming the parity with other exes who has been alleged on bail by the court in advance. My role is role. Yes, my lord, my role is that he was having taria in his hand, but he has not used that weapon. And some role regarding stone painting is attributed to represent aplicado and the one who has been granted bail that is Manoj Kumar. Yes, Milan, that is I paid number 21. What was what was his role? You are saving stick, but he had also not used that state. Then what were the cause of that, although that was new to what are the injuries due to the cutting of grade vessel or left side of neck? Actually many, many keys also, by hands only inflicted the injury to the deceased, or the accuser, the part of the assembly model, unlawful assembly, there's only one injury, there was only one injury to the disease that has been caused by x. There will be no caused by that. And that was by the present by the father of the present applicant. Son of the President. I'm sorry. Forgive me, yes. Is that correct? Mr. Devaney, management is a it's a case of eyewitness was Sandra Bender, wife of the deceased in fact is Eyewitness known of the role of injury on the neck to one accused named so no, as far as eyewitness is concerned, she does not give any specific injury by the present applicant on the module substantially similar to virtually Korea don't come to for the applicant and see the way they've done he learned up to date. We've been submitted by letter cons where the applicant that there was only one ante mortem injury on the body of the deceased coma that to pass by a sharp edged weapon like x. And the role of causing the same injury is assigned to one co accused a shock was submitted that no role of causing any injuries assigned to the applicant is further submitted that for you, another cocubes Manoj Kumar ilias Lalo Bula hypermart having similar role as that of the African of being part of the unlawful assembly has already been granted bid why why'd order digit 123 10 2020 in criminal missions application number 136 double four or four different record when associate an extra see to the paperwork being granted. Do you have less money I lose my lock springs Yes. All right. Yes yes yes offense punishable under Section pasta a parser t 116 Bill 81 of how many antecedents only one one instance then you want you might have played number 34 Yes, well, in that case you will know it and that incident whether I need to go deviate from you know my liquor is not required for my purchase Well, it is recall from the house of akyuz number format and my village is a default my village and recover recover from the village whatever you have been named by the four of us know a score is found with the contract worth rupees five lakh 39,000 was conducted contracting what was filed 39,000 was found to accused found with the contraband out of each one of the applicant is before a lot with number Yeah, module number he was there. Yes, sir. Melissa via credo Moto E, it comforts purchasing. Purchasing. Yes. Chicken for my child and it comes with for the applicant. And to the museum I learned APB for the state. Locals what the applicant submitted that although he was arrested from the place where the goods were recovered, but he was not the owner of the goods, not the premises from where the goods were recovered belong to Him. Also, he either doesn't have a different village and that only come to purchase. Also was also submitted that the applicant has been falsely roped in merely because of his presence at the time when the raid was conducted. To some extent that the applicant is in jail since 2011 2020. Bill granted he cannot live Jager has also submitted that there is only one previous case under the prohibition act against the applicant. what's valuable? Yes. Yes. Please know this. All the offenses are punishable for less than seven years. New offenses 14 to hundreds offenses under drugs and cosmetics, and lots, the ancillary ancillary rules and essential commodities and not one offense of Section 308 of IPC, what has been recovered? Not the recovered. RT medicines are ranked as the winners of remdesivir dream disagreeableness. Not from my position not from the from compromises in a company called neelkanth. Alex, it looks similar to the cases and how are you ready to it? Yes. My the allegation they don't attribute it to me is that I helped him procuring the medicines and whatnot. And further I am not the person to get in touch with doctors for selling devices. I'm not the the person who procured the medicines a has been granted and regular will defy the content which Yes, Mr. metha 102 submissions is Miller medical representative, the present petitioner Not he had me not played an active role in procuring demoed. remdesivir injections from Bangladesh from one of the major quake us that it will not he's Milan absconding that is a good number shabby remedy, ETF to be arrested he is resident of Dhaka, Bangladesh. Milan he came in the present petitioner is also mirrored one of the major agent of the present firm that is neelkanth LLP opaque the number one, two and four. They hammered distributed the injections in black marketing of 13,000 to 18,000. Randomly amounts mirrored to the victims who are needy in this COVID challenging time we look and debt is similar to offenses committed under the drugs and cosmetics added to the dipg not be rather heavy considered burglaries paid will not be active rotated, the persons who are been admitted virtually Michel Barnier and cognisable the applicant actually London method if up for the state. Government for the applicants admitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents nor it is further submitted that the applicant is in jail since first of August 2020 also submitted that the applicant had no active role to play in the black marketing of the medicine also submitted as a maximum sentence provided under the all the offenses is only seven years what are the major is one of the four accused namely part by Ronnie has since been granted bail by this court vide order dated 1112 2020 fives in CRM in number 17979 of 2020. Build a mailing list Mr. Wu is not yet called Korea. Mr. Volume yogena calculus here we are taking up 25% of the running 24 we'll take a little later. Please. Yes, Mr. dubourg. Please your Lordships. This is after filing of charges. 302 is the offense of chips. In all there are two acres the case based on circumstantial evidence deceased happens to be the wife of this present applicant what is the evidence collected during investigation I guess Yes. Now if my lost my candy see that how that is initiated on eighth of August 2020. a complaint came to be lodged against an unknown person since the body was recovered from a kennel logics against an unknown persons Lordships are this complaint came to be register thereafter this present applicants came to be arrested and then after complaint came to be lost. Now in all logics there are four personal statements which came to be recorded who are residing to the nearby of net Canada Lordships. Those persons states that subsequently they came to know that it is the applicant who had alleged to have totaled the deceased and thereafter had thrown away with the help of the quicktest thereafter Lordships the motive shown by the prosecution that she is having an atct to elicit relation with that person and because of net Lordships, this applicant, Lordships LS to have killed the deceased. Now, are you how are you related to the diseased diseases? My wife was born right? Yes, yes, yes. And the motive shown is that since the deceased was having an illicit relation with the weed one person named pan Oba and we because of that Lordships applicant has totaled the deceased and thrown the body in the kennel lunches. Now that after Lordships that statements, Meek Mill happens to be the mother of the deceased brother of the deceased as well as father and brother of the applicant Lordships tend to be taken by the investigating officer wedding Lordships, mother of the disease as well as brother of the deceased Lordships did not state anything which these include includes eliminating logics. circumstance against this present applicant, Lordships. On the contrary, it is reflected from the statements that on 20 on 20th of July 2020, since there are quarrel between the husband and wife wife with regard to this Lordships wife had given an application before the police that my husband is advising me and from that time Lordships, this present applicant and the deceased residing started deciding separately logics, that is no lacing together logics. It is not even a case that this present applicant and the deceased lastly seem to gather lots of soon before the incident logics only Lordships whatever the circumstance which came against this present applicant is from the punch lamal objects of discovery punchnama. Now those in contributed statement, which had taken Lordships while doing this quality punch demise inadmissible under Section 2526 of the retail sector chips on the only the discovery which is made Lordships is would be admissible in evidence as per 27 of the evidence cyclopses. So, you know, looking to the whole chip papers, not even a single circumstance well chips, which which incriminates these present applicants or which connect this present applicant with the time lapses there is a motive. There is up but my Lord, can you see that motif that she's having elicited validation from last two years Lordships therefore, it may be a case that her husband recently was one came to know he got excited and had done would be an another case Lordships wonderful angry recovery, any recovery bit from you Lordships, then losses prior prior to this incident Lord six this present applicant has collected five different mobile forms of the disease, which is alleged to have been given by the dead person who is having relationships with this applicant. And that is reflected in one of the statements and this present applicant prior to different instances that cancel I appeal mobile Of course maybe with millia tonsillitis temovate linea as different mobile scheme to be recovered that is the discovery, Lordships and a man which is less dead from in this bag it is alleged to have been put if there is evidence of lasting no lasting is not the logic why you say that the people living in the area of canal had seen you there. No, no, no. Then they had stated that they came to know they came to know that it is the applicant who has committed this offense. They had not taken the body at midnight at night. Yes nobody had seen my witness today. Yes, no I witness to that. Nobody had seen this present applicant will soon before the incident soon after the incident. Anyone for disposing the model objects. Obloquy fire like it happy wife gave away. Yes, no. My last night. Can you see even from this statement, even from this statement, it is coming that she's residing separately. She had lived the place and thereafter on the next day logics, brother of this applicant, most of the houses of this applicant, and she has led to attempt the decision that came and said no, thereafter they had believed that she is having this relationship with this boy, she might have fit, because we are shaped started giving complex to the police officer that she is editing and there are no relationship and therefore, in order to the sub period, ordered by the year was a sub sub only key in the semantic case. And that is coming from the statement, statement of the weakness cited by the prosecution to hate Metallica, conquests, oligarchies, this actually is Leon Nick, do you see Coco tme complaint, which clearly that is coming from a specific statement. Given virtually yogin ritacco letter counsel for the applicant MCs are made their money better country for the ATP for the state. They submitted by learn cons over applicant that the applicant is in jail 11 August 2020 since 11 820 24, this admitted that this is a case of circumstantial evidence, as no one had seen the case emission of grain also submitted that the chain which the must to complete chain of events into the must complete use of circumstantial evidence is not complete at all. Although motive has been imputed, but there is neither any evidence of last seen nor any recovery on the pointing out of the applicant or any recovery, otherwise, which may incriminate the applicant has also submitted that the applicant and the deceased were residing separately since quite some time before the incident took place. Granted, so did we. Now the liberty to use? logic? Yes, this application is for a regular day after filing the charges, the offenses under Section 3011. That complaint was filed by the brother of the disease. This complaint was on the date of incident at about eight o'clock he along with his brother and other three persons McGee were doing agricultural work in the field. And their point of time, persons came on the motorcycle, the petitioner and his brother Prakash, and they have started abusing as to why an encroachment was made over the land of the land, and for which for some altercation took place. Literally It is really that the wake us for cash, he picked up one glow with knife and on account of the injury he passed away. The fire was filed is the package as well, as petitioner and as far as petitioner is concerned, it is really that he has caught all the disease. The Yes, he has caught all the disease caught on at the time when the incident occurred. He was the petitioner was arrested on the same day from his residence. His clothes were found not his clothes were not for any bloodstains. The other Quakers were interested in the injury whose clothes were found bloodstains, and at his instance, the knife was found. The injury was found on the back of the body. One 100 of the injury was found in the postmark in a pm note. And he is in jail since 11th of January 2020. There are no offense rolling in past and it seems that because of the dispute pertains to the encroachment over the land between the land owners incident appears to be in accord. Everybody was present in the field as declared by the complainant. Statements of all the witnesses they have said that they have not seen the incident. But they were informed by the complainant, that this by this face the incident occurred and that is all not everybody has said that. They came to know from the company complainant who is the brother of the disease. Yes, Mr. Mehta. 100. He is the arbiter of Demeter 302 orphans he has played active role by remaining present me locating the holder of the deceased may Bobby and Miller when the knife stabbing was given by the main accused that he had helped him in commissioning of the series opens at 300. His presence is may not can't be ruled out. Or she or she's doubly learner comfortable. The applicant as human and meta learner DPP for the state has been submitted was an accountable applicant that the applicant is in jail since 11th January 2020. was submitted. The allegation against the applicant is of catching hold the disease while the fatal injury is said to have been caused by the CO accused. Hush hush namin rather quick uses Prakash Prakash Ghosh. It is also me there's only one nice injury on the body of the disease has also been submitted on account of local enmity and politics. The applicant has been feel obliged to do these rocks these rocks I'm gonna take you have your yes please yes it is a regular mail application in the studio before charset office under providers and there are there are two applicants applicant to having the antecedent but applicant number one having no and this is a departure by and large on regular basis there are as per the version of a fire one secret information related work carried out and one fire chopper ever found from the place of incident and apparently her work rupees 95,300 were formed and that patch up I had stated that the his relative vj by had the food the that liquor into that premises and Jo applicant number one news Jackie who is so nice indeed unknown person snap of your name to the fire I'm naming the fire by your remember the woods have not been recovered from your position not what is America was a position from the open land mega open land where in the one automatic sir and foreign liquor were found from the open place why not which is not belongs to the anyway. leukemia. Cancer for the third story Sunday Patel comes with the applicant and sheet which they've done he learned a BB for the state. also learn comes what the applicant submitted that the applicant is in Jason's for 11 2020 applicants are in Jason's for Devon 24 submitted applicant number one has no criminal antecedents whereas applicant number two has provable antecedents no another 10 minutes then and this applicant number two number two having and December 15 in the order it refers to a 15 digit number on Carnaval. It is not the number on the number two it is after 10 even though when a particular investigation is over and there are as per Appiah there are three actives are sold and all three are arrested, no one is remain and liquor is also sees recall is also says do not get bigger. Nothing remains to investigate now. Somebody has not has about 10 to 15 criminal cases. Under the prohibition act is what the submitted that it accompanies made from an open piece of land and not from the position of the applicant. applicants are submitted that the goods are covered that the person was said to be the owner of the goods recovered. I've already been arrested. Nick submitted that in view of the work the applicants are entitled to well. You can either the applicant have been falsely implicated. Granted, never looking to make better please your losses Yes, you deserve regular mail your offenses mainly registered under Section 376. And books correct. You're not sick. The only allegation against me is that I've helped victims and accused number one to LRP alerts if there is no allegation with respect to rape against me you're lost. Just my general query for he's correct I'm sorry. He is correct to that effect mobility he has provided food aid provided shelter, and in his automatic tremolo de prosecutes was taken and entered over to the be taken to jail is behind the bar from almost more than a month. It took no longer malankara was given those times because he could take the bait of 17 years in five months. 17 years and five months have been a gamble to give numerati Pandora remember those rbcl may shave they were not lucky we heard Sinead harmik borrowed General Counsel for the applicant and she went on with other APD for the State Council for the applicant submits that the applicant has no criminal antecedents and is in jail since 1511 2020. It is further submitted that the only role of the appellant applicant is of helping his friend in the elopement just further submitted that there are no allegations of new physical violence or rape against the applicant or the immensity of nations. Now liberty will live. Yes, please. Yes, this application is for regular cameras. The PC was a long time back when you would have blocked Chuck data from the ceiling or PC piszczek. I'm sorry. She Mr. maanden. Mr. Devaney particularly urged by basically next time when you appear up like this, we will reject your bail application. The application is for regular without preparing you the charging for past era. For the application is regular bill after filing the charges. There are no open file. The petition before the court is excuse number two, the case of the complainant was not the component weapons to the life of the disease or husband. She came to know that her husband has some altercations with the person accused persons and therefore she has to the place and then she leaves it when I reach to the place I found that two persons have called who is not before the on record and one it was number one who caused the injury with knife. It is only that because of this injury fell down and when he fell down. It is only that the petitioner has inflicted injury with pipe. And that is how his role was stated. So it is a case of cross complaint where another complaint was filed by the petitioner himself. And as per my complaint, what I was tending near my house, the disease came in and drunken conditions. Not only that he was having a knife where he caused injury to the petitioner on his head on his left leg, right leg on abdomen and one of the right hand. This injuries were caused more therefore he made a un cry. Nearby people got together and the incident occurred. Now the post mortem moments where there are six injuries and all six injuries were found because of the knife attributed to the accused number one. The offensive line which is filed by the petitioner is offence under Section 326 because I sustained severe injuries. I was hospitalized also in from hospital in Iowa I was arrested, but there are about 11 cases against nor the disease. I will explore the details made available under the RTI and out of 11 cases not by cases of prohibition, six cases under the IPC. And he was a very notorious and headstrong Person of the locality. But he used to come and collect the amount from the people including the petitioners when he was under the influence of alcohol, I mean this buddy, since he sees himself as the accused, when I first saw the complaint filed by me was admitted summary. I haven't is the details of know the two witnesses who are shown to the incident against them also met about four cases and three cases of prohibition is registered. As far as petitioner is concerned, he is about 23 years of age and more there are no offense not even past against him. In fact, I have added some of the documents where he has done a duty during the COVID-19 helpful to the society on page 21 personnel. Those are those details for where he has worked during your COVID-19 positions. Yes, Mr. Mehta dp, the petitioner is no record number two ndsi orignally Fire is number one had not given steaming 2d this is not Dharmendra in size wounds. Step one. I'm having an pre post mortem. And having the post mortem report There are six injuries defined by the Milhaud medical officer. All our ops team wound and enticement but when additional was having pipe in his hand and has particular order by fire he is very blunt injuries are not there needle incised wound inside wound and three stepping wounds. But it is number one number one guy named by McGee by karma. Karma the topic. Look he actually he or she is the lead counsel for the applicant and she's a VP for the state. This has been submitted by the Council for the applicant that the applicant is in jail since 25th August 2020 and has no criminal antecedents. It is for this admitted that the knife injuries found on the body of the deceased are attributed to one caucused that hypermart. musavat is also submitted that according to the post mortem report, there were six stab wounds stab wounds including incise wounds, which could have been caused by the knife poster which is also submitted that the applicant has been shown to the applicant has been assigned role of causing injury by an iron pipe. But in fact, no such injury was found on the body of the deceased was also submitted that the cross case in which the applicant was injured and then a fire under Section 326 IPC was registered against the deceased who was a hardened criminal and had about two dozen cases pending against him. Bail granted not apply to them. And I guess lots of got three bye bye weigh in probably mixes or should we have taken up which is case number 30. Please. Yes. What is this? Here my lords allegation against my client is that he has assaulted on the police officer. Oh, and when he came to arrest my brother but kindly See, I went the photographs the manner in which my brother was treated in the private dress in the private car. So it was a misunderstanding that he could not find out that their police can only turn to page 24 so those police people come in civilian dressed in a suit different in a black color. critter car private car. From Baroda to bonaga skandi see how he treated my brother page 25 pobail Sienna bilgi versa, it's ultimately case of 323 and of course 332333 because police officers by identity was disclosed. It is not a case of very well, when when a friend says that they had come in a civil This is a different thing than not to me to my brother. Yes, but not to me. The brother is an accused in an offense. One car 406 421. A clinically, look at me now, gentlemen. 2911 is the date of his arrest. It is almost 30 we have shipped only for the applicant. And she's always the running learner DBP for the state. Also, that comes with what the applicant submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. Yes, my lord only submitted again, let's see, because 911 2020 but there are three antecedents for it. I'm sorry, in this case, yes, there are incidents. I'm sorry, I managed to I stated that he has been I started that stage 42 minutes 323 and 504 in 2014 even offensive 323 504 of 2014 and one offensive 323 and 504 of 2017. He has been slapping her their kicks and he has been acquitted. My lord said that his job was sentenced got the local man in jail. His mother submitted that the applicant in a two point 11 I was not aware of the persons who had come in a private car in civil unrest and were forcibly trying to take away his brother also submitted that had the applicant known that they were police personnel. Maybe the applicant would have registered himself from creating any obstruction. Please you've also been granted to Mr Bromberg? Mr. Bromberg. Please welcome Mr. Brown. Mr. cartridge case 28. Nine. Yes, please. Well, while it's a regular bail application after filing of the charset offense under Section 363-360-6376, and the POC so acmella, while at the age of the girl is 15 years, nine months and 21 days, age of the boys 21 years married, unmarried. And my lord it is a case of love of animal in boy and girl had came in contact on the Facebook my Lord and since then, my lord they were having in a relationship. Why would they have annexed the statement of the girl at page number 19. Milan? What as you said, she said that she is in love with the boy My Lord. In fact when her mother came to know that she's contacting with the boy so she had taken her phone and when her mother and father both went on the job Milord on 110 2020 mylot the girl had called the boy and ask her that please take me from here Milo and my lord on the same day they both have been arrested. There is an allegation of Milo 376 mylot but has also made a statement. Yes, Milo it's obvious. Joshua Holloway. Yes Milo comes over 15 years and nine months Facebook, one month of relationship and only for one day she calls one on one time. She made a call to the boy they had gone on the very same day they arrested but in the interregnum, she was she was taken to a place where this incident has occurred. She has narrated in the statement likee but when she says that there was some element of love affair between she was having some intimacy, that is what she says in the statement, or Sree. That said promobot learned counsel for the applicant, NC D and divani retic. up for the state has admitted was lead counsel for the applicant that the applicant is in jail since 2110 2022 10s are similar to 10/32, October 2020. And that he has no criminal antecedents. No man. Also it is for the submitted that the victim and the applicant. We're in a relationship that is also submitted that the allegations of rebar have been falsely weighed under pressure of the parents of the victim. As they did not like the Association of the daughter with the applicant. There is a medical examination. Yes, Milo. Anything that was incriminating that no nothing no, no, no, there is no injury on any private part of the Milord. Again, the medical examination does not support the prosecution story of bail granted, immensely grateful to the honorable court and deeply organized if and only Giga has also submitted that the victim in a statement has also stated about closeness with the applicant, not medical leave of the honorable court DPR placement is just sunkid Pandya. Yes, Mr. Pandya mullets hardigg Davi is appearing in this matter with you. Let me let me kindly permit me to. Yes. I will admit him. Yes. He's appearing with you or against you. No, no with me. Please your lats? Yes, Mr. Peterson. For 16 to 31 of IPC alerts, this particular bill applicant is a lady accused bargaining farmer. Now the allegation is that in 2014 15, the complainants grandfather's Forge, that certificate was produced and the name of the applicant along with other relatives were mutated in revenues into latson. Subsequently a civil suit was preferred in 2017. were obvious for the state in this case Mr. Mehta is appearing I'll be appearing yes murmur kindly Have a look at page 13 and only for one minute, there is one 339 3939 Yes, it is not order of rejecting bail. Now, the minute we have a look at a pedigree, this is the correct pedigree of right This is rice and by farmer it is Miller family tree is been digitized at the last board portion jungleboy is the complainant last mold at the bottom Genova is the completed before my loads, right was finding if I if I might remember turn to next page. Next page. Yes, by making also in fabricated Milhaud pedigree date certificate, date of the disease The reason by surname was changed. Now instead of perma revision two petitioners are similar. He's the daughter buggy bend of the rice and by car by Jada Norma by in personifying Parmar. She had Milan he and his Milhaud, other brothers me Lord The Land of the complainant. It is what the entire offenses, take bursaries and get funded should we have the debate advocate for Susan k Pandya learned counsel for the applicant? Ashley maanden, meta learner deputy for the state. It is limited by learned counsel that the applicant is in jail since first October 2020. It is also submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. It is further submitted that the dispute if any, can be resolved by the civil court and not in criminal proceedings, comma which have been initiated only to build pressure on the applicant and other co accused is also submitted that is a case of false application. And the dispute is already pending before the Civil Court. It is pending. We will we will continue with the name before the Civil War. Meanwhile, you will accept organizers Mr. They just stepped up. Lord, yes, Milo. Now it is a global application. It is under Section 306 for abatement of suicide. Not in fact, while the present the applicant and father Buddha applicants before these honorable court are there is no allegation of this may not be present applicants at all. Not only that may not even the for the abatement while there is no mentioning of any Milord the act of abatement against the present applicants at all. Yes, Mr. Mehta in the ammirati. Present petitioner. his demeanor has been affected number one who is Milhaud taken the six legs and order amount from the deceased at the residence of the present petitioner the deceased committed suicide by aborting Hiroshi Okay, they will not time and again pulling the decision will not have it will just because having unlucky hurts me. They just scepter learned counsel for the applicant. Actually maanden meta learner datp for the state. also learned counsel for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 2911 2020. And there's no previous criminal antecedents nor conservators further submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. Although it is also submitted that the ingredients of Section 306 IPC are not made out granted my major to lose large these metals yes, these motors This is a regular bill after chassis. She was immediately handed over by me to the police molars as in when I came to know that an A fire is registered. VO appeared before the policeman and there is admittedly no allegation of any sexual intercourse. And in the medical examination In fact, the girl says that she was driven away by your mother out of the house and for she had contacted me and they have thereafter we are helping her actually. Yes, my lord. That is Nikki where What is the era of the golden age of the girl is 14 years and nine months. This man is aged 30 he is ages 30 miners that I cannot deny but they admitted that there is no money like he was in the county of envelopes. Now when the girl says that she's she's liking me, she's in love with me. That is the statement of the girl. But you know she should have considered a child is defined less than 18. But fortunately not a year. There is no allegation of 376 there is no allegation of dishonesty six or seven years. 11 years and 10 years miles 363 366 way Yes. 367 years. Lucky. It also will also be less than two. When the regular Council for the applicant and she the way they've only done a DPP for the state. Let counsel for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 28th. July 2020. Just for the submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents documentation is no it is not submitted that the victim in a statement has said that she had been turned out of her house by her mother. And it was only then that she contacted the applicant who came to her rescue whatever it is also submitted that the victim had stated that she had a liking for the applicant. Also, does Nick submitted that there are no allegations of any physical violence or rape against the applicant is also submitted that as soon as the applicant came to know about the logic of the fire. He handed over the girl to the police on his own volition bail granted all black boxes immensely. Okay. Maybe take your Lordships Luna. Yes, yes, I'm only six meters after lunch. Remaining. 608 block you Yes, we have six more metal left Milo's next is Mr. Cha 34 please Yes Mr Jarrah payloads Lords but I the regular mail after receipt under Section 302 Yes ma'am implement. Yes, yes. The bail application after charges under Section 302. Other point two similarly situated person has been granted bail by these cases the incident has taken place on decisions good granted bail to similarly situated Coco's why was bail not going to do my notes because I am having another weapon. That is why that it was considered that I am I was a crime that this was mine was the other thing is on 16th of may 2010, v3 API has been registered in toto. First, Fr. First, Fr there was a place between two mobs my notes there and two, there was a place between two more debt with debt concern my notes, my notes are fine. It's page number 13. The reference is that page number 32. Page Number 34 minutes is a reference My name is Luna Korea without any in deadly offensive 2016 is there then after a while not the first number turns out they're paid service that is against me and in some way. Madam miles? Yes. Rue de Faria at Lake Nova with the proper noun for nearby neighbors Assam sama, Tammy Mara Marie Taylor, Gemma wonderbox my mother's two or two parties as has sustained injuries getting one type of major from that period the letters and travato police Jason first who number numbers 0313 2020, sec, six and seven. So, then after GPS and case number Part A and 0314 it says so and so, that has been filed by bias against the other movement. It also placed place between two moves and then after due to my in debtless is the this is it died and they lay all the blame has been given to these 3% that we have given the blow and they said story has been created by by them. And another thing is my lords messy page number 53 from the discovery has been recording has been done from the marriage mice by lots messy there was no blood stain in this pile used by me obviously i'm used by me is no blood stain found from the weapon used allegedly in the fire. Now how many injuries were there on the body is a diseased single injury my loads in the head and due to hammer at the visitor died this injury can be caused by throwing a random rope miles and the incident had taken place on a very same day. There was a place within the most FRR on record miles and the blame ultimately blame has been given up on this person that we have given Diplo and destiny type. That is that is not so in the medical history when our name has not been resolved to me or said how many were injured. Minus three to 4% for injured minors and what kinds of injuries injury minor debt as they differ in the injury certificate presently I do not have my loss but my loss is extents levied at 141 47 149 c 23 324. Five t 37. And 504 that is our f5 that is a good 325 only. Yes middle 325 22 three and 45403 wizard. Yes my nose and two 3% injured from yours. Yes, yes my notes there was a planet between two modes and the person died in harmony and accuse again along with you to talk us for granted by the session Could I have annexed the older models and you are getting an iron pipe. Allegedly allegedly I was getting what was put in the hands of the other two. wouldn't stick my nose in there was a no blood thing wouldn't stick. So you have caused the fatal injury. My was led by not but there is no blood stain. There is no blood stained there is no medical history and in the same on the same day on a very same day. These are these two are fine has been registered by two more smiles. They declared this has been occurred and in this debtless the disease died and now the blades are everywhere overclaiming here How come only three persons have been named that is that is so mild. That is so it is a it is a fake story has been created that models via your AVR how many of us are there in my fit to forager persons are also their miners. Cross a fire is their miners. We are very good in our repair. One way one way mind 313 is a fire laws against you. Yes 314 deadly what is lost by you by me? from your side right? Yes. How many of us are there in driven for my lord Sir, I am not having the copy of the fire now. miles I am reading from the affidavit of fire. Oh, you're reading on the affidavit of fire? Yes, that is very difficult. That is what the difficulty is that it could be 304 minor. Yes, Mr. irony, that is not a case what i what i would have understood if the doing this spur of the moment something has occurred and that is how the incident has occurred. It is not the case. Now what's the complaint if the Lordships are to consider what a complainant is the uncle of the deceased. Right now they're fishermen on account of parking off a boat. When the uncle was sitting on the cosmonauts he heard some voice, some loud voices. Therefore he rushed to the place. When he rushed to the place he found the victim deceased was being chased by three accused persons who are named in the complaint. One applicant is abou Isa Doki who is the applicant before the Lordships other is Juma de su when one is Gafoor Jessa. Now rule a tributed by the eyewitness in the complaint is that when I was rushing towards my nephew, the present applicant was holding a wooden pipe by which he gave a blow on the head of the body of the deceased. And he fell down. As far as other two are concerned. David David trying to hit the body of the disease through steaks, since we rushed to the place where these people ran away from the place of incident. On account of this there is an another incident which my friend says of stone pelting which took place. Perhaps it was on the side of the diseased where the other component nodes as far as the two accused were released by the sessions code. The honorable court has considered the fact that the fatal injury which is given is not given by them, and death. That is how they are released by the honorable Kuhn by rejecting the application of the present applicant. The honorable court has observed that the version of the victim the version of the complainant is exactly matching to the pm note and the injury on the head of the disease molars. That is always application is rejected. It is not the case that they were sending an incident took place. In fact they were chasing the disease with iron pipes and wooden sticks mallards and that is how the incident is occurred. Miners did this the Mt. Miners the complainant has led us toward emails that we were chasing and thereafter the VA given the blocks ultimately might not if the law is to be seen, it can be used sustained by by the rope also mines right and if at all it is given by the iron pipe, then mindlessness is paid number 50 there is no bloodstream. If it is believed that it is given by the I have given the blow to the deceased person, it is no blood stain at all. Mercy one is one antecedent of 324-322-2000 16 Milo state I have written one let one complete that you make your submissions, and one indeed didn't have 324-320-3304 of the year 2016 one antecedent of rioting we 323 324-320-5337 of 2020. Now, what is the time of incident according to a fire number 313 which other money was not placed only but I just like to find out no 313 the fire against the aggregate to get for the fire must be on record 3131 fires in total minus 31230313 323 and 20 514 is again saying no, at page you said that is according to the affidavit of the ILO that's page number 32, which is STDs three one to page 14 Dolly, what is the time of 312 occurrence of offenses 15 fy 2020 at 415 in the evening for 15 decent underpants 115 the chart bar chart bar chart these are under a pastor data or chart time occurrence all right now 313 times guy my dad my friend if can because my notes I'm just checking the only point that you have a smile on is your cross case or a free fight or whatever you say that there was a clash between the two groups. Yes. Now unless you are able to show that the time also coincides or is close proximity to the incident time of isn't mentioned in the fire number 312 minute will not be able to succeed. So I can get those documents and place it on record. And just my notes are the file is being downloaded for many times was already. All In the meantime, we'll take up other matters you check up at the bottom we will give you a gauge after 10 15x minus minus after payment after five to 10 minutes minus A 5313 is the tiniest 16 and 45 for 45. for 45 years and time of registering or via time of registering occurrence of orphans is 16 on time of your own on second day 16 five at 2pm. A Cha 16 five 2pm. And what about 314? Yes, Justin. I'm sorry, my Lord that is not being downloaded. And I'm trying to say check mirrors after five minutes. Now you also check in keep the information ready, whether in 313 and 314. Who are the accused? Yes. Whether the disease has been named in that IDs or not? Yes, my notes I will take them I will take the panel's Mr. Devaney. When I was with my friend going forward I'll also very friendly and I'll revert back notice or we can have this matter day after tomorrow with them. In time, this may be verified very well was that there was some free fight or some clash earlier and in that incident, some fighting took place and some assault took place and this side also got injured, the other side also got injured. We can revise as a discipline case. After Tomorrow, I'll get all the three complaints and I'll assist you on matters. I will try also to get all three or two Fs right. Lucky away. heard Mr. meyen. Chara learned counsel for the applicant and Mr. Damage divine learner deputy for the state would have this matter on Thursday 24th December 2020. To enable the learned counsel for the parties to place on record the first information report number 313 and 314 which are said to be of the same transaction registered from the other side. That is the side of the applicant against the deceased another and his side gratefulness yes 35 steps in Bali Yes. It's a regular mail application brought the allegation is under the prohibition so far as we know the case of procedures I'm sorry some confusion bribery, Sham here. Yes. probation 19568 it is a regular bail application will not be for filing of the chargesheet the allegation is that not that one container was passing and ended temblor police has received the secret information and what raid would in founded mode it was contained the leaker so far regular case of prosecution is concerned driver took this record excuse number one took this liquor for his owner from one state to here so far as my role is concerned driver called me for the purpose of as a cleaner of the trucks and I have been joined later on Milan I was not aware about this pegboard and once he has purchased the liquor he was moving from one state to another state from the middle of the way he pick up he picked up me and Milan I have been joined as a cleaner of this truck in this triangular dead by this way. I've been arraigned as an accused. I don't have any antioxidant blood. I'm not at all associated with this kind of activity. Alright, just when are you in jail? 29th of October Yes, Mr. Mullen Mehta. huge quantity and Muller is president of Rogers standard for his presence part time I'm only more concerned otherwise Miller days after arrest Miller days he was cleaner today typically is right in no antecedent debt is also maladies correct. Virtually. You are Mr. timberlea. Lordships see Nick timberlea. General Counsel for the African actually Mandarin meta learner a VP for the State Council for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 2910 2020. And that he has no criminal antecedents whatsoever just for this admitted that the applicant was on the vehicle as a cleaner there is the goods seized were apparently being transported by the driver for the submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. also submitted that the applicant was not named in the fire that I have my name was when an opponent was there as a car dealer. It was number two for the submitted that the applicant had no knowledge That's such prohibited goods were being transported And granted, not grateful to the mentally obliged but kind permission I may be permitted to leave. Yes, please please your Lordships? Yes, please my Lord My Lord since regular mail for books are 363 and 366 My Lords I am not the main accuse My Lords I am just an advert or an elder brother of the main accused My Lords My Lords here My Lords I have just a help to hell up both of them my alerts here my alerts, no sexual intercourse as well as my alerts by the main accused also my alerts I'm just an elder I'd rather have the main accuse my alerts and main activities do nl mailers check for my lord zeros and lads don't bail my loads. What is the age of the victim? I lost 17 years 10 months my last 17 years gentleman's please, Lordships at the time of events. leisure activities factored into the end you have the only factor one correction in the chart he has mentioned the sections are 363 is a 66. But nominal letter on report by investigating officer 376 is a read because in second statement prosecuted say that the main accusers submit any allegation of tourism receipts against the applicant. No, no, no, no, not the urbanistic. Doesn't. Hurt sorry. May will pettalia LA County for the applicant and Shri maanden Mehta lead Kpp for the state. lead counsel for the applicant submit that the applicant is in jail since 2711 2020. also submitted that he has no criminal antecedents. It is next submitted that the applicant is not set to be the main accused. But there's only a negative being the other of the main accused has also something that the younger brother of the applicant and the victim we're in a relationship also admitted that there are no allegations of any physical violence or against the applicant is granted these migrants I'm very much obliged to get permission my lats may leave. Yes. Yes, Mr. Pandya. Yes, this is for regular bed but along with I also file an application for interim bail pending that which has not come upon borders filing number of the criminal justice filing number 31868 of 2020 I request both the matter be littered day after tomorrow. Here Mr. Wickham chaudry from the Chandigarh is appearing as my counsel My Lord, I will declare this honorable court to list these metal as well as the interior metal both on there for tomorrow. Why have you filed a bill ever again we're entering bill pulling from some ailment on our company he is also granted bail here if you're ready to bail you will get it as if you are not entitled you will not get it that day. Let that may also be because I can I could have already granted him in trouble because of the custody here is not able to release so I request honorable court to have that application also be on board. On day after tomorrow. My Lord number has got criminal missiles application filing number 31868 of 21 minute 31868 of 2020 it's officer virgins, it's a remote there was only about one it was Monday morning mail is mail sent to online it is being accepted approved. Also, at lucky wisely, Jaden Pandya calm for the applicant states that the present applicant has also moved an application for interim bail, which is registered as if oblique crma number 31868 of 2020. You also informs that the Office of elections pointed out have since been removed. Let both limiters be connected. 

