Mr Scott, he's illogic he's one of mercy number 100 application for anticipatory bail. Blonde incident is of a blood Diwali night on 14th of November showed that all all our residents have not one not one mega society. But all we're bursting crackers are incidentally one cracker will not fall in the house of the complainant and therefore not he raised outside sings there everybody will find crackers put up is that it is number seven, a young boy aged 19 years. So he told him not to burst characters. And out of that conversation below the incidents or doubt, but there were meetings where we were slapped not by the complainant site immediately may not be at 11pm called Milan 100 IV dial Horton number. Police was informed that we are beaten but they came to the spot. Our complaint was not registered, but their complaint is registered under offense not 323 326-430-6506. Now what is the maximum sentence? Maximum is life imprisonment fourth at 436. But the said the 436 said mischeif but with an intention that not by fire with an intent to destroy the house. Not while firing crackers not I put so far would then be an intention to destroy any house. Yes, Mr. Irwin? He said he said in case of intent 511 is applied. Am I audible? Yes, yes, sir. 511 is also applied along with 436. But it appears that petitioners are headstrong persons because once they were requested more to burst cracker, so as to not failing the house of the complainant. In spite of that they continued How many have been married accused then in all seven, seven, you know, and this application is by my by all the seven all the seven when except for in five melotte all our members have one family and foreign five members of extended family residing in the same society community. Virtually jet Atlantic Congo the applicant actually mutation mean letter public prosecutor for the state. It is submitted by a factor that there was neither any intention. Not anymore not any reason to come buildings as a list. It was only on account of an accident that the five bracket during the pavilion celebration fell in the premises of the complainant because of which an altercation took place the complainant has unnecessarily made a mountain out of a molehill. Granted I'm all placements but direct service and all we hear that none of the applicants It is also submitted that none of the applicants have any criminal antecedents right? Number one has one innocent enough 16 what 25 506 and a lot during all submitted that except applicant number one who has one antecedent of 2016 relating to a physical assault all the rest of the applicants have no criminal antecedents these electives but what law tips mailorder right susiya Lordships Well, I mean Miss lob I'ma leave your Lordships coat yes published getting water is your now as of today, today there are three and I said I am trying to compensate my yesterday's loss. So I am a painting in first invaders because 10 matters after that all the others they will do after after my last meal permit me to run away Run away but you have to know that I will pay you better find it very well. I certainly I have to alright well yes Yes my lord I'm appearing you are Mr. BMW pm time BMW Yes. We for Patna people, but now Yes, please do not this is a disagree antecedent 197 my load of 2017 mile prohibition Yes, my lord done liquor was worth rupees eight and 8800 rupee only not recovered from you know a in depth I was not found in position might upset and deliberate better. I have been my mind implicated stuff. Subsequently my own trigger T. bursary, BMW learned advocate for Mr. Vishal amin for the applicant. It is submitted by lead combo the applicant that the applicant has been falsely implicated just for the submitted that the applicant has only one previous case of 2017. Please another division wherein also he was falsely implicated as well as submitted in the present case also. Granted, I'm opening my lumen Yes, yes. First in cases of Mr. Mukesh imagenomic career, even if I don't take it yet, not how the application is anticipated. The petitioners are the father and son, the orphan services, the 94 and 504 component with whom there is a trading business. A component is known to the petitioners this case is not that he has purchased some articles from the petitioner send material was purchased as he's a contractor, and the amount was settled and the account will also please as per his case, now, it is only on page 11. And on the date of incident in the officer office near the panchayat 10,000 rupees was taken from his pocket and chain was Golden Chain was taken by the petitioners by the petition number one. And that is the complaint to be filed. This was a political complaint because as the computer needs a mama three of not a political party of Korea lie where it is me that incident matter what are the 394 9410 years not 10 years? And there are no offense running past the other businessmen? No, in fact, no, no, no, there are no offensive password, which I mean, is that correct? Yes, sir. And there is a previous transaction of money lending and borrowing. So that creates a shadow over the present. It could cut both ways. Yes, sir. Yes, yes. And taking out 10,000 rupees from somebody, again. You have to sit down with the applicant and see mutation in your repo because whatever the state it is submitted by lead counsel, that false report has been lost on account of some financial dispute between the parties. It is further submitted that the applicants have no previous antecedents no coverlet is up guess what God with no criminal antecedents? I think yes. What from which side is complaint? complaints and was what the applicants legit schema? Social journey. This plagiarism serial number for Lord says yes. Here I received instructions to appear with prosecution and I'm filing your caloptima as well as reply Lordships prosecution This is what is the sentence water for the rate? For zero it is the maximum is the seven years prescribed or saves in the floor systems seven years process don't you please? Yes, sir. punishment is up to seven years. But the transaction is this race petitioner was working as a manager in particular company to manage the affairs of a good out. Now good on was probably certain commodity called cluster being that is guar. And ultimately on the inventory of the hoedown, it was so founded cluster beans that is the commodity which was stored in the EU down was pilferage to an extent of one point 30 crores So, these are the allegations and also all the documents and all the books of accounts all are missing Lordships and as I follow up is absconding there are a lot is appearing for for complainant. I am appear for the applicant. I know. Mr. Hogan, please your notice. complainant is the complainant, his relatives, who is the complainant the complainant is the owner of the pectoral artists who is managing four units are there at different places lawsuits and beside unit is concerned this the accused person is whole The only person who is managing all the affairs of the good which is good only sees but close. No other workers are there is over what is the loss of word loss is one crore 30 lakhs losses 1462 losses all prisoners have completely misses earnings. Yes loss EPS and here he himself has confessed during the applicants as per the complaint which is submitted before the police and he has assured that he will repeat the mo pro tips now lots of police after a preliminary inquiry when the various laws approaching this honorable court receives the anticipatory bill is rejected even our account books of account are also missing Lordships. Alright, Jenny, I don't have my link mitochondria. May permit me to read their file my load page number for Diana. Why do you want to read Why don't you narrated Menotti in the Empire in the complainant himself stated there? They he was the manager he was purchasing and selling the one from the unit and the original proprietor form. The proprietor of the form is a mobile car is not known not not anymore complaint against the accuser, my Lord, my lords, only in the Paramount mdct base number 14 D might or may permit me to read. Why do you want to read? Why can't you narrated Milo fsmta you ever read it? Now you've translated in English and tell me what is the content of the Avaya Pilar II s are admitted that he was managing the books of account and also our purchasing and selling the government. On my note the role of us is Miss by misguiding the author radium anodea stated he was a manager my role my man on underpay he was not the manager of the shade form by law, he was working as office manager his duties only to to take to say take care of the sale premises my loan loan or not another might not might not the cover is quantity is 2899 by loan by the complainant company and also visiting day to day of the premises Melodie. Let me go. Anyone with baggage is mad or misplace or sold out the complainant him himself file the number on the same day my load up a file was filed after a period of two months by law. And now maximum punishment for the sale of precious metal up to seven years below this person sold out this goods notice that a statement is also recorded and he has typically stated that these persons these accusations sold out this all these bodies to him brought this and if it is a man not but same was also in the on the inception of the complaint and my lord I have no any power or authority to hold out any goods today. Any person on the basis of mine, how can you and despite that he has sold out despite this offense lawsuits despite he has no power despite that he has sold out of goodwill one through 30 lakhs and that's why this Fire Lord says the fire also my lord yes it is because of loss in the form my Lord and only to hide that his mis management of the account by law. He has filed a complaint against a prison applicant the main culprit of the need to surrender and then take bill not you want to withdraw you want me to pass in order permit me to withdraw my loan lucky tertiary caution granny learner constable the applicant shouldn't be patient I mean let the public prosecutor and Shree FB FB FB Brembo but please logged on to for the complaint for some Shree Gianni stated after I say that this application will be dismissed or withdrawn leaving it open to the applicant with all the remedies available and this is obvious as to director acid my vocal Adama maybe your name has been recorded in the order you are there you may file it subsequently How does it matter why do you need an order for that? matter? melilotus Okay, well you Mr. Manzoni. Tim Cook said yesterday, but yesterday not yesterday, same case but I only monitor point out some thing only order is an X with these melotte Can you see the page number 3939 39. The order passed by this quality of this honorable court and indifferent better might not seek it might not pay number four on to say there is some law has been laid down in that order which needs to be followed. No. ordinate band is considering the event. There is a meeting If there is any anti incidents why not but it isn't the case there is there is a no role and nothing found from the accused manner does anticipatory care well can be granted minor error number eight there is no denying the fact that a disability will cannot be granted. But my question is what are your antecedents first? I know my empty incident out of that manner so many measures I'm acquitted by baby tripod and these are there also I mentioned to you that in prohibition matters 90% cases there is equity Yes my Lord and year might not in this year fire my role is nothing matter no evidence nothing is there only police say Casper the secret information to these to you you will get by anticipatory and first time offenders second by overdose prohibition law is there maybe what he says falsely bigoted but in six seven cases minus six and minus all these type of cases now they're imposing their enter my name without any evidence and there there is no option for the applicant to what is your loving relationship with the vital they take your name every time they are demanding the money from the person then they give the money fine. You are very requesting Hello paid over 14 well appear on the jury. You know it very well. Look it might not I'm not crazy. Now. Yeah, I know that. Personally, I am I'm sorry. Learn counsel for the applicant. Actually mutation mean learned public prosecutor for the state. Shaban solely after Ragu sembalun states that this application will be dismissed as withdrawn. It is accordingly dismissed leaving it open to the applicant to avail other remedies available under law permitted to leave this meeting. Yes. Yes please. Yes, but this is for anticipatory bail. Yeah, a fire is filed for the offenses of cheating and forgery. Insert 25 accused person who are you I am one of the borrower there gave me is that in the year 2016. From the mandala branch of Bank of Baroda, in all 17 borrowers have availed the loan and accuse number one and two other persons who had stood as in brokers in availing the loan and accuse number 25 is a bank manager. Now, Casey is that which are aware this is not a case for anticipatory Well, look for the moment Milo's I may just point out. Now, here my case is that I had a will cc limit facility, which which I am repaying till 2018 when this was disclosed, now, there are among other loan account is misused but my documents were misused by the CO accused persons for getting that loan. So, far sec limit is concerned I had a well cc limit through these brokers and broker and manager in collusion with each other have taken misused my documents and taken the loan. Now not only present applicant other other borrowers are also cheated. Now similar such offense is registered in three branches. This is a fire number six, there are two more a fire a fire number two and a fire number four. Now, they are also milords would notice that akyuz number one and two are common. They are the persons who by misusing the documents obtained the loan in collusion with the bank managers. Now in other cases, all such borrowers are granted anticipatory bail by either this court or by the honorable Sessions Court. Now here against me the allegation is that I have taken a cc limit facility of five legs out of which four legs 44,000 is outstanding. And so far is loan account which according to me, I had not taken the documents or misuse there the loan was obtained to the tune of rupees 18 lakhs 39,000 were the outstanding amount is 24 legs. Now is it when this f5 is registered in ITM to know I myself was the bank without prejudice, I sold my willingness that without prejudice, I am not aware about this loan account, but since I have to pass through this process of law, I am ready to deposit that amount with the bank without prejudice of my all rights and contention are these itself shows my bona fide that I am not the one who is in quantum conspiracy with other accused persons have had this conspiracy. Now, that later milords we kindly say it is at annex B. I have stated to the bank that I will I am I as I was aware, yes, nobody would be ready and willing to pay an amount of rupees 24 lakhs, if he has not taken the loan, no I had taken the case credit facility there are only four lakhs 44,000 hours can be seen lakhs 39,000 loans which is today has an outstanding of 34 lakhs, please you are ready and willing to pay that then you will definitely are a beneficiary otherwise no I don't think he took my rags for less amount or somebody's willing to pay just in order to get well no The reason is minus though you know the reason these my loads that I have to pass through this law process of law now for their ratio 24 lakhs don't deposit at all get the way my this lady might this lady accuse has nothing to do with me like you if you have taken all your properties over and more miners will not consider whether accused persons are granted anticipatory bail. In your case you have taken the Lord you are ready and willing to pay no others are also no other others have also released on the same conditions if my lords can see pain number 46. Yes, I'm calling my feed number 46 is one of the order ID number and the page number. 5858 Yes. This is 006 This is in 002 that f5. Also I have a next similar a fire. No, has anybody got anticipatory bail in 006? No 006 milords. No one has got here. This is 00 to one debate team same fit for another branch. They're also ready and willing to deposit four legs. That is how the court has granted bill similar order at page 62. In fire number 00 for regular mail orders not anticipatory will face up at the regular mail order. Section 439 that you will be entitled to know in a moment. Then page 62 is an NPC that will be in order on same terms. This isn't 004 Yes, it 48 and willing paragraph three soon willingness to deposit. Again, my look page 66. Again on page 66 It is also fine if it will be 004. Yes. Getting on page 71 also. So after winning Well, how does the court vary? verify or show that you're required the amount I will file an undertaking only after before executing a bond before the leaves of anticipatory bail. I will file an undertaking that I will deposit this amount within six months. And if at all that breach of condition is committed. My bill can be canceled. Now is that a condition incorporated in the order their mileage may feed number six Stay tuned. I couldn't find any this condition. Maybe it is, as you pointed out, yes, but my I'm inviting that condition that condition may be imposed. And then without reference through the court, my condition may be imposed at my meal will be canceled. Yes, I mean, what do you say? Considering the orders of the honorable coordinate bench doing a different defier matter, when the lady will miraculous facts appear to be quite similar? Oh, yes product and then my lords may impose that condition as my friend is also inviting the day any breach of non payment would result into event all that appeals and I cannot press beyond a point. Personally speaking, I would not be inclined to grant a very anticipatory bail, but then there are orders what that means. Yes, my lords in a number of mothers? Yes. Nikki? Probably, because because because public sector bank is getting money. Probably that would be the reason why the learned coordinate means how does this court ensure that they will pay this about once they are out they will again vanish? Who will follow them milers? I understand I doesn't make the payment beforehand and then I can pass this order. Correct. If the borrower comes with a check of the amount, I will grant him and his betrayal. But on this condition within six months, who knows? They will then undertaking will take care of the breach of undertaking the parties and for that undertaking which by the way, and all these people with criminal mind they have played fraud with the bank have taken loans on undeserving documents. Thank you actually hardik the way I'm imposing conditions that he will deposit 25% within all or before 15th January please repeat 64 is one of the condition court had imposed 64 Please, what is that condition condition number h the applicant shall file an undertaking before this court to the effect that she would pay the full loan amount to the concern bank within a period of six weeks from today that this is directed to accept the state undertaking in place. And there is a condition that in case you do not fulfill this undertaking honor this undertaking then what will happen is it mentioned in the earlier part that will not follow the conditions we will not be liable to be canceled. No it is not mentioned but always my lords if meal condition is not fulfilled, Bill is liable to be canceled. But then again, that is a Herculean task to get a bill comes in. Yeah. Sam What are you paid 62 this router Hey or 65 a condition each category will have a client or a visa. Your next column h Iger visa goes to next ABCD I Emily Kira in the event. The applicant does not strictly comply with the under condition mentioned with the undertaking given and as recorded in paragraph small edge for the protection of anticipatory bail provided to the applicant would stand automatically withdrawn and the investigating officer will be free to proceed with the rest of the applicant. Listen, without reference to court and this anticipatory bail order is operative only 10 submission of topsheet police report no meilleurs. Now, the anticipate reveal pursuant to the order of ethics code 80 is unlimited till the trial is over the years and that is how the full page order of both boxing and Sidra McVeigh's integrity. Mobile is mega hertz he has a diligent government while the applicant and Shri mutation winner public prosecutor for me state known about what the applicant submitted that the applicant has no previous antecedents no previous previous employments just for the submitted that the applicant is ready and willing to pay the entire loan amount within a period of six months is also submitted that under similar undertakings given by different co accused and similarly, in first information reports last on similar facts. Comma this Court has interfered and extended the prediction at the stage of anticipatory bail applications some of the orders have been filed along with this petition, along with this paper book, one of them being an order dated 511 2020 passed in separation number one to four of 2020. Asha ban and vice mela was reportedly similar prediction is granted on similar terms for water conditions. Please, I'm grateful to immensely me live with my lips. Yes. Sorry. Get the file size with our ag prohibition act. Someone's really not sure how many accidents 20 series but same allegation minor two injuries this year of 2020 months 2020 you are a beginner in this profession. If you continue like this, next time you will not get any relief. Lots of things. What is the total amount recovered from your brain? It is a 5200 liquor Mana 5200 liters liquor liquor 500 rupees liquor 13 bottles, one 313 bottles like every third three months, it's never too late for the applicant and mutation we learned from the prosecutor for the left 1000 what the applicant submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated was over his neck submitted that the applicant has been involved in two previous cases in the year 2020. But in both the cases the applicant has been granted protection is also submitted in those two cases also the implication is false. also submitted that the from the court used it is alleged that liquor of rupees 5200 not has been recovered. Mr. mp said yeah, this is Ed, please. This is also under the prohibition act, but there are clell antecedents against an applicant and day before yesterday, we've done one application before my locks, right, like you said. At the outset, CMT said that counsel for the applicant submitted that in view of the Timberland residents, he would not like to press this application. My Yes, a lot. My note also with regards to not facing at this let's see what hurts the MTC that comes with what the applicant mentioned. mutatio mean, learned from the prosecutor for the state. She's a donor comes with the intent that this application will be dismissed as withdrawn, it is accordingly dismissed, leaving it open for the applicant to avail such a remedy as medical leave. Yes. And we missed the boat. Bolen. Yes, please No offence under prohibition act Milady rupees 13,000 12,920 Hmm. mounting of E versus VDI, there is one antecedent of the year 2019 Milan's only one revision, please note, similar kind of allegation notes. record was only one case said so far as order is concerned London jjs referred that there are antecedents but it's not figured out what are the number of antecedents if my friend says that it is one. So far as present case is concerned it is liquor valuing 12,900 only 20 bottles it could be 50 bottles depending upon the majority of the rigor of my versa. Purchasing when Mr. Ron amin, please proceed ohana mean, advocate for Mr. Linton gun dealers for the applicant and the mutation mean letter counsel for the third public prosecutor for the State Council for the applicant submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. It is further submitted that the applicant has only one previous case under the prohibition act. And other than that, there are no criminal antecedents also submitted that the recovery in the present case is said to be of these 12,800 approximately granted, please immensely oblige me to take leave of the honorable court. Yes. We gotta be just one. Luckily, you are lucky and we hope we have a fellowship. David Jacobs, MD yes MD offers in the prohibition act logic application of anticipatory bail, how long have you been in this business? logic? There is one antecedents of losses. There is one antecedents of prohibition logic. Otherwise if I left this business or ship and loss business very well there was only one loss a loss if you flip it to some other company no loss I think some my personal business one one stop loss it will previous case case your guy. Oh, that is often on 99% of sexual similar or only I don't object to it. I'm just bringing to my lords notice that they fit as of December 2019 and what recovery amount hypnogogic 77,270 1200, Umbria guys. Okay, so then it hurts me JD Cindy, advocate for Miss Pooja bustle, learn what we have been ever been to the state. Like you want this 2019 grateful. May I request My Lords to permit me to hire the honorable court your quota is over. I am told without permits only 2% for CUDA you have taken already 10. But some network issues. Right, let's milords MDB Oakland lordship I will do the needful. Is that in my way? Yes. Yes. Yes. My Lords, you will have to accept as we have already taken five times what the government permits then I will retain the institution itself. What I gave today is the rd the way Rochester. Notice similar matters yesterday. I have no idea because orders already passed by the code below. I have produced those orders. If you'll notice, we just have a look at the order passed by this honorable court on page 31. Yes. Same a very similar way I say make use it gives number three and number five, Edison director of the company. We started one. And then after the another person the managing director is also granted by by the trial court on page 37. But ntfl on page 31 below similar role. No, yes. There is a distinction if you lost his permit. I'm a point out it will launch in an ID of page 31 which is relied upon by the my senior there what wait with the honorable code while granting meaning in disability bill was please have page 33 that as far as the director is concerned, he had given resignation as a director of Satan whose Private Limited in the year 2013 which was accepted again again, before the registrar this way with the honorable code. Now, as far as the facts of the present case are concerned I only bring to the notice of the largest winners. My year is offense under 406 420 and GPA. The present applicant is a director of two companies one is a good luck, one company is deemed as good luck Holmes, the other company is known as settle Holmes. Now, during the course of investigation the material which is collected is that as far as the company is concerned, there were two schemes 6999 per month if you deposit you will you will be allotted a plot the day your name comes out in the cheat, you are not required to pay further installments you only have to make payment of a deposit and then you are owner of the plot. Now during the course of investigation we have found that these both companies had no lands in their names. There was merely a development agreement, which is in fact a date to the other directors by the president applicant land owners and directors which meant he is the man who had only development permissions no ownership. Now that is how this entire incident is taken. There are in all 111 plots for which people have paid the monies that is what we have collected so far. invalids, 40 plots edited 100 to 400 square yards was issued to the depositors models, this is the material collected so far on instructions I state and if my friend is is relying upon page 31, there should be some material there. My friend says that he has in fact resigned as a director prior to 2013 because these companies or companies are off 2012 and 2013. Immediately on Inception models, the director is left that is onwards. The honorable court considered in the present case my senior man who has placed on record that there is an application for resignation, but that is in the year 2018. Way better to last time we have a look at two aspects on page 42, the managing director now he certifies that in 2018, the petitioner has resigned. Secondly, you'll also just have a look at on page 43 no when you do the scheme for some reason, you could not submit the form in the RRC but on page 43 losses may see in the bottom part is that 2% Sanjay Kumar and Raj Kumar they are managing directors I am not managing I am not conducting the business of the company. And on page 44 losses we will see in one company I was director and in additional director without playing any role. The complaint does not say secondly, what my learner's when they say that without authority of development that has been done that is dealt with by the learned sensors called on page 39 go and take regular business logic that is considered that out of 114 111 plots which were to be given 67 registered cell IDs have been made, the road has been converted into non agriculture. The owner has confirmed in all the sale deals he has confirmed as a seller of the property. So that is decided on page 39 losses. I see paragraph six of the judgment of the trial that may help you in getting a regular but not anticipatory. I'm saying what is stay said by my learned trenbolone that this is that there is no development there is no length 6700 vendors out basically is on page 31 the order of anticipate we will continue to abuse but I was with respect to their status, having resigned as a director and hasn't been accepted for the company's 2012 incident 2018 complaint abroad all these people do you understand each other you understand at least at complainant has not paid the amount five government has been made only three lakhs rupees and rest of the payment is not made, therefore salary could not be executed. That is what it is observed by the court. We look in on page 3039 is specifically it is observed by the court. That is a trial court's order of regular will. That's right. But the court has observed that what is this game what is the plots and how many exists schemes have been executed salaries have been executed out of 111 67 salaries have been exhibited with confirmation of the original owner data why weren't produced before the court when in regular employment and government employee unnecessarily you'll want to cover the price of what you're entitled some kind of protection for saying I'm not saying if I'm arrested, I will lose my job. That is the only difficult that is your problem. You should not ever delve into this kind of secondly directors you haven't I have not committed in a private company. But one of the reasons for rejection is that he's a police inspector and then he has become a director all the time and not inspected when I was I'm sorry page 30 it says Police Department for the Ouachita Police Department I'm sorry my daughter withdraw you wanted was not a weak person since he was agriculture is he was raised as a director otherwise the way you want to withdraw or do you want me to poison candy because other two persons have been granted one is regular and one is that as collector money I'm not magic data has been granted as well you may you may also be excited I'm not seeking one signatory to any bank I have the complaint It will also may just have a look at complaint the complaint very specifically say that transaction has been done only with number one and two one and 2am number five will not I will not enter into any transaction with anybody at all. If your losses method kindly have indulgence below because he is a poor person he has nothing to do is not is not a word person. Constable below his name was inducted you have an option you want to withdraw I can declare war There was what you will I leave it your losses will not I will not press no you want to deposit order rejecting your application I will not read my rejection order rather I pursue your losses below instead of that I'll be doing losses okay hurts he dodges the rd the way let downs for the applicant industry that means the unelected public prosecutor for the state to state that this application will be dismissed as withdrawn leaving it open to the applicant to avail other remedies available under law to stop this application is accordingly dismissed with Liberty split drawn instead of dismissal word because trial court they are weighed with this. Everyone understand Simple English This is very simple English is not complicated. This was obvious we may use that word dismiss as we're not getting. Thank you. Yes. Not yours is really not the name of the distribution of the business statement of the accused of his brother the petitioners information was ndps no anticipatory bail. No one kg of ganja was found from delivery or who was arrested was granted. He has given the name of the person who is real brother senator and take meals lot not just going to doggy massages didn't come for the applicant and Mr. Nelson Ronnie Leonard, a VP for the state the goal now is the money you have to tell me Let us each need to buy to July Mr. Maalik, Sony. So what if I mean the grapple need to be happy for you because you're not at the bottom of the deck we proceed to the next matter. This is why Mr. P. Vijay, Sunny. Mr. Public Justin is here prohibition no antecedents as per the affidavit of the I have a very good first what is the amount of recovery 37,575 bottles. All right. You came across the particulars given mother's name your mother given daughter's name. Lydia hurts the topic Justin 11,000 for the applicants and Amanda metal and VP for the state and also for the applicant service that the applicant has been falsely implicated for several years, it is notable antecedents granted large screen technology It is also submitted that the value of the liquor recovered is 37,500. Approximately grateful to may live with my lords permission. Yes, please minutes. Mr. Neil money Yes, Mr. B money is an application for anticipatory bail offenses under 395 397. My Lords know it students My Lords and in fact all the accused have been enlarged on regular bill and boom they accused me mean accused at page number 31 What is your own? My role is alleged to have been that I was presenting the bus mylot how are these lawyer investigation pertaining to that, in fact, my lords and in fact this is the quality of the bus. No, no, this is the quality in the bus the whole bus was routed. Yes, yes. Hello, and in fact, the weapon and you are part of that game. Please. I was part in fact, what a regular will. Why and is between all the accused jumpin endless and I even I was never allowed on regular well or anticipate we will know. In fact all the accused of an international regular being accused of being in London anticipatory bail by the sessions put my notes on what grounds? Well, since their role was not established, my lords in fact here also my role is not established. establishment savvy. I don't will be established or not established in the trial, or if this investigation is completed. I am a resident of up madness. I have not been arrested since last two years when you are spoiling the name of up by committing crime here in Busan. Absolutely non violence as well as insight. To me. It is equal to be rejected girls have been enlarged on regular bail, my lord. They didn't roll me the scene milords at page number 31 minutes charges have been filed. Yes. Against all the accused violence. arrested or she does not be right. Then how do we know what is your role? Since I have not been arrested? How judges cannot be filed against me? Well, not in fact. And in fact, looking at the papers of the charges. My name is not there. My Lords. My role is not established. My Lords. I was not even present in the bus manner. I'm a law student insofar as those who are arrested charged. Fine. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. I'm a law student might not and I've been going to length Why haven't you been was implicated? Well, it's on the statement of the coke use my notes. Why would you state your name, let's say in fact, I had gone to pick them up at the end of the airport. This is the rule mine wasn't there after I was there. With them in the bus my load load recovered and nearly everything has been recovered and discovered from the other accused persons may not if you want to withdraw it or you want to rejected by a detailed order to withdraw violence, correct. That's the wise thing to do. Like it surely hurts me and the money that it causes what we can and should be done. If you want the state after I want to say that this application may be dismissed as not quest may be permitted to be withdrawn leaving the comma leaving it open to the applicant well, other remedies accordingly, this application is dismissed as withdrawn with Liberty a split Yes. Mr. Sahni nagging me you wanting to enter through any other name? Mr. malkia and Mr. Mr. mamuka is not there nor Miss properties there. In fact, this is one matter where I am instructed. This is under the Gujarat control of terrorism good seatalk control of organized crimes. There might since I had received an advance copy I tried to contact the DSP. There are many complaints which are narrated in the petition. I in fact, I am instructed to find a short reply. I so many here. I really knew Mr. McGann was babbling about that because I can't see them in the waiting room. Next microphone is off. 17 meetup party. Mr. boddy is not joining Mr. Park is not joining we are moving on to the next case. Mr. Tillman Buddha might not please you. Yes, please. What is this allegation is that I acted as a manager of a bank where loan was taken allegedly, I took the installments but not my instructions or words without admitting the offense. I'm ready to deposit that amount. We're not so that is what my instructions are. And what's in fact, I have no objection even if that amount is even to the Lord's concerned victim. list at least amount in 7878 17 38,000. You come with a check and he will release you or if Lordships can make it conditional that after I deposit the amount I can be very difficult to find out later. Again, the victim will not unless it positive you're ready to change that is your problem. How you will manage the funds. You come with a check. I will pass an order today that on this date. Will you break it tomorrow? I'll present tomorrow. Yes, tomorrow evening. I will come with it. And you hand over the check to Mr. Mehta patient. Today evening, you hand over the check individual tomorrow morning so that he verifies that he has received a check up on what the applicant put up tomorrow to enable him to come ready. Yes. David Freeman and meta learner dignity has appeared for the state of Florida and the Mr. No One No One can cover in jail number 13. Mr. namangan Gabala is appearing. Please. Hello, Mr. Soni? Yes. I was not only the position of the property manager. What are your antecedents? It is listed there are seven antecedents all of them. It is been stated that there are seven seven. Not only difficulties there all of them are before 2017. I was thereafter no antecedents are there. For the three years I've been teaching the business as you know he never left. discontinued and out of these seven models, there are three equities. Very well. In regular well you will get three hurts no one can have Allah and we'll get four should be m m Sony. Learn 1000 for the applicant as the London metal and APB for the state. This could be with Robert the big kicker he's ever been granted a globe. This is Mandelbrot. Thank you. This was 13 and respected all over now. Next is Mr. Sharp Sabri. You guys with Adobe here, this is a regular mail application up to charset under ndps Act, the contraband ganja was caught from the one ratio in which original accused number three to six were traveling and from one of the Quakers has given the name of the present applicant and all those accused persons are released by this honorable court I have annex already for orders by law, since it was less than commercial quantity. Looking to the embargo, section 37 ml all the accused persons are released I have an idea of your antecedents or antecedents, my lord No, no, not a single Mr. Devaney, but I have taken telephonic instructions he is right there are no antecedents. substantially similar difference would be that the for a accused person who was ever arrested with ganja say that one there is one individual from Rajasthan from whom the president applicant had purchased the contravened and handed over to them for further distribution. But since this is less than commercial, in fact substantially similar to the orders that He is an expert legal. bursary to charge ordinary learner counsel for the applicant, actually damage the money learned is up for the state. Council for the applicant submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents is further submitted that he has been falsely indicated on the statement of the accused. And before the submitted that the accused the CO accused from whom the contraband had been recovered have since been released on regular basis by this court. Some of the orders have been annexed as an actual c onwards will stop just for this admitted that the case of the applicant is better than the CO accused we have already been released from pay on bail. She they run it on a DPP does not dispute these factual statements given by accordingly, there is a case for bail is made out of granted. Wait for my lords. Merely My Lords with the permission of the court? Yes, yes, please. you're grateful. Please vote. Yes. appears in this matter on my behalf. He may be added in the same manner which was adjourned for today. Ladies, number 42 This is a different model. Milo's is different. Madam Chair, Mr. Say it is the opposite party. These are the company This appears for the accused. accused miners. Oh, yeah, you are a very worthy abuse. Hmm. I thought you were always on the prosecution side. No, this is 465-460-8420 the allegation starts from 2008 and Milan till 2020 the allegation is against two companies Milan those company is made out there was a rate of income tax in on those two companies Milan it was alleged that that media publication showed the the without the circulation of the papers much more than actually was and therefore earn around two crore 70 lakhs I am unemployed. I am Milan I'm getting 18,500 as my sell a rehab ultimate. So face to face 20 just Milady in the second part of page 20 salary and wages. It is 18,500 This is what I get Milan. And I've been implicated. Initially I was not named I have put everything on record I used to get 16,000 then 18,500 and melotte allegations of 12 years. Can you please explain, once again the what is the offenses alleged offenses may not for 20 No, no what what is the nature of disruption of the events? nature of offense? Is that the the publishing house used to publish some you are in a publishing house person, you are an employee or a professional. Yes, Milan employed Yes, Milan and Milan instead of that they showed wrong figures Milad instead of 600. They showed 6000. And they earned some some money in last past 12 years, Milan. But I fail to understand how to do get money by showing larger number of publications, other offenses occurred that just means that that is a question. They say, since you have raised this publication, the number of publications of that newspaper Milad. So you have approached the public and public under the impression that instead of 600, you're having 6000 public under that wrong impression gave you a dirty advertisement on this bunch of money? Yes. Please. Yes. Now you want to say something like the allegations are against the directors rather the in the owners of those two firms. Now these material very indicates it is just an employee. That would be an aspect I would refer you as yourself to Condi record, since he's in his last year via is by an A government officer or a government officer. This is this is come to light on account of the fact that few raids were carried out by income tax. Now, one such form is the form where this man appears to be working in this manner. I don't want to go into those facts. Milan, it's 12 years down the line. You are saying well, we are one by way of advertisement this much of money. Well, I don't want to get into that. Lucky I heard. Surely I had saved anything here to get assisted by Mr. Ionic cadre learned also for the applicant entry that was the learning lead counsel for the Leonard ACP for the state. You have no previous history? Absolutely not. At the outset, they have submitted that the applicant has no previous documented decisions to stop further submitted that the applicant is in jail since 14 1120, also submitted that the applicant was only an employee getting a fixed salary from the publishing house against which the allegations are made in the person permission before. Okay. Yes, maybe. Mr. Ronnie will join me for five minutes. Yes we are taking up a matter of Mr. Malaga I'm informed that Miss Bella, is there. Password reload after the one or two days matter maybe just one minute Mr. Devaney want some time to file a short affidavit in response. I can fix a date if you agree and that you need not worry about this matter and it will be fixed after vacations. just confirm. Take your instructions sections. Mr. Daddy learned he wants some time to file an affidavit in response. Whatever date suits you in the first week of January or second week I can fix it. Firstly, first week, any subject please be very well, lucky. Third surely be a mamuka learned counsel for the applicant, actually, that was the DPP for the state. She the only place one is granted. Today is 21st 22nd 23rd 10 days time, my load file an affidavit in response response. First off, the affidavit may be served to learn counsel for applicant latest by 31st December 2020. Mr. Devaney, make sure that you serve the applicant counsel applicant will have three days thereafter to file rejoinder if necessary, if required. Let this matter we listed before the appropriate code on sixth January 2020. The vendor shall not be treated as title to this which remember this code this is most appropriate code No. I would have loved to continue with this objection, but my roster does not permit me this opportunity of four days so I thought let me sit by you. Sorry. My lord is a master of roles. No. I am bound by my own. Thank you. I do ablated I'm Malou now Mr. Park is made available 17 miles he is also there in the waiting room. Mr. Mira? Yes. Yo, what's up buddy? We cannot hear you connect your audio? microphone Yes. Yes, no. Regular built before chassis under Section 326-324-5045 02 only two lotze what are the injuries? Leave injuries what are the injuries? You know I know the injuries lacing up in the Fire Lord see the page number workers are not minor injuries either simple or previous. Previous discharge on hospital or wherever the injury cause chest back leg hand head and chest Razzi and please watch it in the chest. Pain numbers. Seven Nazi Yeah. And present informer. 21st November 2020 is a discharge Lord see in police report Nazi there is no order the date of the incident. The date of incident is rotting. 2016 November, please watch it. So within five days he was discharged. Please and there is no no incident roads. You know, I didn't know how many accused only one Nazi only one, please. Mr. Mehta, one accused Miller to victims inflicted knife blow to the complainant as well as will develop the Victim Witness on the chest head face and body injured are male or female discharge, both are discharged but well under doopy. span BD was not paid. To date without the entire hurt three. Neeraj Forgive me particular concern for the applicant and Amanda Mehta limit ATP for the state. Cause for the applicant submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. Also that the applicant has no criminal antecedents or stop just for the submitted that the applicant is in jail since 23rd November 2020. It is also submitted that the injuries caused are not dangerous to life. Not Previous measure the injured have been discharged within five days been granted. Any applies mainly We'll see. Yes, ladies, Mr. Dudley? Nobody is not there in the waiting room. Mr. Rogers will always be there. Yes, Mr. rajguru, please Well, this 379 A with 114 of Indian Penal Code if my Lord may recollect, this applicant has preferred to bail applications were in my lord has one already posted before the 15th February of 2021. My Lord may post this application with that application only what is the number of their case? That case number will not I'll just provide the cost muster. I don't have the file with nummular that actually you brought to the court was I mess it to the quartermaster military literally. Firstly, Jeep rajguru that comes in for the applicant and Sorry, I'm whipping and then with an APB for the state. Connect with criminal business application numbers also have your number and list on 15 February 15 a list on February placement value will be the largest list before I put in all matters which are being adjourned you must write Listen, we're not we did a study. Yes, we're done with that. Please watch a case of circumstantial evidence FL registered after Lords one year. The FSL report was received by lots on 22nd August 2019, which indicated that the deceased Lords was administered poison. However, Foley's never registered a fire and thereafter millets the affair came to be registered, which is on 20th August 2020, which is after almost one year, wedding lords. The role attributed to me his allegation is that words I had gone to the house of the deceased with my wife, and allegedly melotte the deceased will outside come to my house with his wife, I'm sorry, and la gente mullets, I took the deceased along with me on my motorcycle in there after I came back. And at that time, I stated that the deceased was not coming back with me and he had dropped somewhere near after we went to find out the deceased. Ultimately, it was found that he had drowned in a form that is the case of prosecution. Initially, there are two set of statements of witnesses. The first set of statements recorded before one year do not indicate anything against me. The second set of statements recorded after one year indicate that I was willards having a grudge against the deceased, because he was keeping a bad eye on my wife. That is what the statements are, which are recorded after one year, and therefore allegedly, I have committed this offense by administering poison, along with alcohol to the deceased in the FSL. It appears that poison has been found in the body but there are no traces of alcohol. There are no eyewitnesses to the incident The chargesheet is now let's find investigation is over except this last scene together minutes there is a search no other evidence and the discovery punchnama which has been drawn under Section 27. After that is also after a delay of one year where the police says that I have shown the place where this had happened and they already accept Yes, yes sir. biopolymers. When is delivered is concerned? Well, firstly to submit before the last one was the wife In fact, there is the incident is of 20th of August 2019 on the next day reloads 20 182 1019 is the day on which the body is found from a lake. Now there are circumstances as my friend points out the deceased and the accused are both married two sisters. The recent applicant enter Now that the deceased was having relationship with his wife that is what is coming during the course of investigation. As far as the incident is concerned, the incident has occurred in the night, the witnesses to the effect that sir Devaney Just tell me one thing. Now, whatever evidence has come has come after one year. Is that good? My loads, if I added registered after one year earlier, it was just the governing body please want then looking without limit counting for the applicant, as if there was the money learned to pay me for the state that had been submitted on behalf of the applicant that the applicant is in jail since 28th, August 22, August 2020. It is further submitted that because it would that the dead body of the disease was recovered in a pond from upon on 21st August 2019. Whereas, in a statement recorded after one year, comma in the second round, the name of the applicant has served first surfaced and then he has been challenging. First off, what is admitted that the applicant has been falsely indicated bail granted ablations may make a request for that 18 number will not switch was argued Wait a check copy was to be sent I have forwarded the copy of Czech to Mr. metha minutes already. Yes, yes I have done the reverse to take advantage of that. You have received it. I received the photocopy if it appears mirrored it can be done that the check physically handed over to the investigating officer I listed in that order of course I will pass my load and that can be handed over to the victim. Yes Yes. Yes. Right. Yes photocopy on my mobile that order to me because there's not it can be done you did even file my volleys calculator like Sorry for the inconvenience but for no better. Yes. Please, thanks. We are able to get it immediately that is his bank which again, it is not Cooperative Bank it is Miller the bank and it is signed by the father of the present applicant below. It is mirrored the Cooperative Bank of record limited. And check number married mechanically noted Miller 130696 ks 130696. Gmail dated today dated Tuesday 23rd December 2020. drawn in favor of a drone in favor of jegliche by gente la sutar that is the complainant he's the victim victim jaggies re gente by sutar Gen device sutorius mu and amount of D Jake Milan Macaulay noted Miller yes 78390. It's going to be if I have the same amount look it up my client on the applicant Thank you semen and metallurgy before the state. She got at the outset admitted that the applicant was ready and willing to pay the entire amount complained off by become by the on the front on the side of the complainant. That is up 78,394. So further states that are checked in the name of the victim. She reject these blades gently by support of the opposite amount drawn on Cooperative Bank of grasscourt limited bearing number 130696 of today's date has already been forwarded to Sri monden meta learner DPP also she meta confirms having received a full photograph The same on his mobile on WhatsApp on WhatsApp hilarious on WhatsApp Srimad udar will ensure that the physical copy of the check is handed over to Sunita today itself. Or instead it will be handed over to the complaint and because both are at the signatory of the check in my investigating officer motor club. I want this set to go through you to the IU. It will be done right to that piece of land. At least I can be assured that Mr. Magoo Darwin pass on the check in Yes, my Buddha gives it to the applicant, whether they will pass it on to the IU or not we another question was oh my admin again, responsibility at my responsibilities and not if it's my honor, for this remainder will ensure that the cheque is handed over to the investigating officer. So that it is then delivered to the victim. In view of the the applicant, maybe in laws have been granted only one request it can be noted that this payment of amount is without prejudice to my voice. It does not appear that I have admitted my gift payment of this amount. It is opposition to the rights of the parties. Grateful and blessed. Number 21. Now serial number 21. Mr. Andrew Ragnar would be appearing for Mr. dagli. Lordships ballot. Mr. Douglas before the coordinate bench one very critical password. Mr. Douglas before the coordinate bins request a password asset This is a regular bail after Panic of the offenses that animal cruelty at the border can take that credit artificially Yes. Not all aggregate for Mr. Rashid deadly 1000 for the applicant, actually the mesh, Mr. malla Mehta if you APB for the state postdoc, Mr. Otto submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated in this photo submitted that the applicant is in jail since 12, September 2020. And what is the maximum gender is provided under this section? There's three years middle three years was admitted that the maximum sentence under the age differences would be three years to antecedents micromechanical that is not relevant Lordships even as relevant decisions, I will I would have granted by myself but for regular deeply please whether they meant to be the Lordship omissions? Yes, please please monitor up to 10 minutes this regular bill after filing of taschek Secretary 740 minutes there are five antecedent again the present petitioner of similar similar nature, but in this present application, he is arrested by the way of transfer warrant and other three he has been considered by this honorable court by the coordinate benches. But this is a nuisance for the state. Mundus McCauley appreciate to other accused in the same efile they are also being considered by the coordinate they also had similar antecedents, these models, they all are implicated in the same offenses by one by one you are a gang. This is not a gang. By no means do not get is a false implication what recovery has been made from you. But it is not specific. It is mentioned that decoding has been done but it is not specific. That overt amount has been recovered. I am not going to grannvale to salespersons but much kindly appreciate it. An easy young man is 22 years old. But then why is he doing this and repeatedly? Well, once somebody can pardon him, but this is a six case. Well, I've seen three other cases mercy has been considered by the coordinate benches models. So that is why he is committing again and again. So no matter no no malice, Kaka kindly appreciate after he was arrested, he is not released by by by by any of the courts because he is implicated in other fires. And of the one after one he has been considered by the coordinated benches without going out of this jail manage. So since he's arrested Melissa is not been implicated in any other offenses except those fire FiOS models. I can provide the number of the CO coordinate benches manage that in the petitioner has been enlarged on regular bill, as well as those two other Quakers who are having implicated in the same present effort. They're also being considered once. Now you're in jail. Well, as per my instruction, when he was personally arrested, he is from June March, June, but in this effort, he has been arrested in July 2. Device again, please. Yes, Mr. Romney, what do you say? Well, there are two aspects. First of all, do not because these are offenses where they will be just taking the chain in the present good case it is get a bag with visuals in case of more than one lakh rupees, the flavonoids allegation is that they threw chili powder on the face of the man. And that is how the entire incident has occurred. Now, it is very difficult to every and this individuals after the offense It is only when they're apprehended once the entire things will are not about other offenses or concern. And five offenses the honorable court has recorded I leave it to the discretion of approaches. And what is the sentence provided? Essentially, this is a Hey, my friend yesterday three years but it is what it is. No, no, no, I didn't judge yesterday. No, yesterday in another case, many years, please know that it is 10 years months, which is January was a more time Manasa kindly appreciate anticancer clarity as well. I'm appreciating Manas because two or the other accuse having similar role similar antecedents for us, because the DA has they are being considered monocytic way to have oppose their bill also as the state was is my enemy is of the orders not the instruments of the state of Gujarat world over It is well known that gozar is the safest state in this country. I understand minutes. And if this is what is happening in Gujarat, then it is but honestly appreciate Melissa he is arrested by the pastor that huge percentage should not be easily little Manoj McCauley appreciate mercy. similar kind of nature models in all the FS mercy has been enlarged on top of that. This is the only fmls remains and the Quakers Minh is having similar roles in all the FS one as they all are enlarged and so he's the only one who is you I will fix it for the new year then you get it a new year. I think you heard sorry. Jackie. Lucky Jen learned also for the applicant as he permits the 980 before the state let this bill application be listed on fourth fifth, January 2021. Before the appropriate code, it shall not be treated as title to this bench. I'm gonna smell you. Yes. I'm Rachel monosol. Mr have shut down the attorney Yes, this is regular bill application after filing of charges meloche. applicant having no criminal antecedent minutes was arrested in August 2020 minutes. No incident which has occurred without the FBI once this was not said the complainant was traveling by bike and builds the applicant along with two other persons or to him. They told him to stop. There were some Kix entries given by the present applicant and others person and they've committed the robbery in broad daylight around three o'clock. So this is the case of the complainant. This happens to be the matter after filing of the charge if you're lucky remains the man. Now, as far as the credit application is concerned applicant is concerned if you're not considering the honorable court while dismissing that application belongs concluded that there are no change of circumstances after filing of charges. It says there is the same position only merely filing of charges not a change of circumstances and hence the official dismissal notes are no no criminal antecedent will not come as far as the complaint is concerned. mulaudzi is a local person blocks complainant Why have you been falsely implicated not at INSEAD and what is coming from you know, I'm not saying that it is a case of road rage melotte which is converted into robbery Milan's appreciate broad daylight three o'clock road which is public. You find many of the people traveling them all the more dangerous. No, no, my Lord, I'm not armed. I'm allow me or my resident is shown as a local laborer where I'm working that next embryogenic arrested Milos, the honorable court comes out in conclusion that I am a person from the outside headed in a case it was not possible for the prosecuting what is the recovery made from you know, they say that 5000 rupees 5000 rupees willagee the only amount which was taken as part of the complainant blogs, now, those 5000 the 5000 anybody would have only 5000 rupees was routed, Lord 20,000 bikes and one more good to go with a bike also. That's what it is. I'm sorry. Mike has also been discovered, which that I went traveling last night one of the farm laborer it is a case of road rage billboards and since we are out local village jeiza person having business with corporations and everything will enhance without 394 are the complainant and the accused known to each other. Normally, the accused person is working as a laborer in a farm which is nearby to the resident of the complainant village. And that is how it was possible for the prosecuting agency to immediately arrest him. And it's been a case that I am a person from the outstay No, I would have left immediately. Milan's Wait, wait, wait. Last question is either you are named in the Avaya Lumia it is not the person's day to day not lodges. Stay inside for at least six months then we will see may already have already been arrested on 22nd of August. Now I pointed out to Vishal lucky Jackie Chan, all of you are spoiling the image of Busan. Integrity, he says there are five antecedents in my game, not having you know as you step into this business, right? Since without if your logic can consider the loss, it is 21 years of age, where do you logic 21 years away? Are there any chances of the formation and diversion or merge in fact is a labor I have taken a specific sense we know she's working next day he was arrested and in a case you would have left for my deposition lots honorable court while rejecting my bail application to tell him to better leave for manipulation, not saying without any lower losses may impose PPS conditions will no you advise him alright. versus being harsh in the attorney learn 1000 for the applicant and similar metal and an APC for the state. And at the time he submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. What's over this What does admitted that the applicant is in jail since 24th August 2020. This next submitted that is the list that dubious 5000 from was recovered to be 5000 diluted amount was recovered, yet the robbed amount was recovered from the applicant. But in fact, the recovery is fabricated. Male granted obliges me to be falsely implicated in medical records live streaming is I am obliged Mr. Raja by Google. Mr. Cobra is not a woman Jeeva Mr. Allen you Well, these are getting published over there His name is Viola yes please yourself here. This is for male application after submission of churchgate. Yes. So for petitioner acronym of one and two they have introduced on bail petition. Number three is the person who intervened in a quarrel which took place between the complainant and the accused persons. The quarrel was absolutely a sovereign in nature. And for regarding worth throwing the water on the road we got some quarrel took place between the complainant and Dec are accused. because of that reason, some abusive languages were also uttered and thereafter the assault took place. So far is number one equals number one and two are considered they have been reduced and they are even simple blow on the person of the son and wife of the first thing you have given the fatal blow to the disease. Krishna is said to have given the blow on the head of the disease. Now your Lord is Mackenzie they blow is by an iron road or a wooden stick that was stick we're not and subsequently the story was changed that cement block was given a blow by cement block now your losses were Can you say the page down to page 9 million I request you to kindly turn to page nine that is post mortem examiner report which will clearly show on page 10 column number 17 your losses potentially see page 11 Yes, first injuries are a stitch surgical wound present over the head starting 10 centimeter above the root of the nose just left to the midline moving backwards eight centimeter covering $4.20 centimeter over left side of the eight about the left ear inverted u in shape 28 centimeter in length with black trade stages over it margins cling separate on opening wound skull mvpd that this is surgical wound and second injuries without a hurry Intel lacerated wound one by point two centimeter involving entire thickness of present on outer margin of the left ear low at the lower part of this mF and Alex just about the level lavilla margins are confused is that perhaps that is mirrored because of the stake injury or what is the date of the incident date and time their date of incident is fourth of me. What time 20 then at 4:30pm and the buyer said he died on the spot no not in the spot we did this operation was performed at about 5am on 510 fifth pain without a doubt to fight am it is almost after about 13 hours yeah that 13.2 and a half hours huh? Yes. And now during this statement was reported Normally, this statement was not there. The statement has not been recorded. No no no. of the disease your Lordships are including Yes, yes this is a means for you in the complaint it is mentioned that on account of this. He was unconscious unconscious, yes. And now looking to the size of the injury also it is not possible by semen block. It is simple stick injury on the ear. Why this operation was done in such a huge size sighs Your Lordship MC Elysee and the cause of death your LASIK McAleese intracranial hemorrhage due to train your cerebral trauma. Now, what is mentioned in the first information report. So far, as far as the informant information report is concerned, the petitioner came there to separate them and he inflicted one stick glow on the head of the person who had come to separate the receipts that they had also come to separate the booth the parties and he lost his way to sort out your dispute with a blow might have been given below. And one important aspect is that all the three accused person side also says Standing juries? Yes. Well, with respect rules I'll point out to the honorable corporates as far as the incident is concerned, the incident going on in the complaint The key to this aspect one in the complaint is narrates mirrors as far as the complainant is concerned, he says that my son, Ashish Prakash, and others, because in the complaint he says was holding Prakash is an applicant before launching the company says is holding a stake Yes. And mulaudzi well meeting, there was an altercation where there is one injury by Prakash by the very same stake on the body of the wife of the complainant, that is Rami Levin, which she sustained injury. Second, he says that one injury was also inflicted on the complainant by the present applicant, on his head. And thirdly, he says that as far as Deepak is concerned, the Prakash gave a blow again on the head of the body of the disease and on account of which a lot of noise was made by this side and people had gathered thereafter he has gone that is what the company I may correct mainland trend may not I may correct my Leonard friend so far except the teacher is concerned. He has not inflicted any blow on first informant he has inflicted without it is mentioned keppra calvia tena hasbani luckily Marie but the reveal of Anna Marie and she went to the doctor for treatment on nine five that is after five days without and blackery Martha Mara luini quit on a Manuel by Emmanuel is number one accuse number one lacrima very well yesterday, Martha my compassion about a friend is like my friend is not so nice person. We're not alleged to have inflicted blow on rubber lemon in the morning we went to the doctor on nine. Yes. And my niece in law is encrypted on the side. It is by a manual to the body of the complainant, by Prakash to the body of the complainant Ramallah then and then on the body of deeper This is how the incident has occurred. Yes is a person who sustained his injury who has sustained three injuries. First injuries operation wound, that is not your shipment, kindly say according to the cause of death, that is fatal injury and your Laci Mackenzie turn to page apagar paragraph 19 that is internal injury that takes diffuse extremities present in the scalp teach you but if that is because of Michelle and you wanna learn accounting for the dependency the APB for the state also submitted on behalf of the applicant that he is in jail since sixth of may 2020. It is for the submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents correct. Mr. Angela? They are not coming for local antigens. No, no homologue it is next I'm gonna get that. From the facts as the rated in the s for the prosecution story itself. Elegant, it is further cemented that as for the prosecution story itself. It was not a case of pre planned murder. But it was the heat of the moment that in an altercation which was going on between the complainant side and the other accused between two parties when the deceased and I've been tried to intervene. And in that transaction itself, the disease suffered injury on his head resulting which proved to be fatal. As well as submitted that the case at best would be of a culpable homicide not allowed to work and will be punishable under Section 304 is the goal also submitted that although the role of causing the fatal injuries assigned to the applicant, but the other two cocubes already been enlarged in vain. Milgram research Now we take up this matter of Mr. Wagner. Mr. Dyer is here, please my lords present is an application for regular bail after filing of chargesheet for the offenses punishable under Section 306 and 498. A, the deceased Who, who, who was the wife of the present applicant, had committed suicide after more than seven and a half years. The reason as cited by the prosecution case is that as she was not, there were some towns given by the in laws with regards to not having any child, even after more than seven years, the allegation allegation made against me is that I was not supporting her as such, if the statements of witnesses which are appended with the chargesheet is seen the in laws and my myself and the disease were things staying separately. And if at all is seen a she had gone to her parents home on 13th 2019. On 1410 2019, she returns but she doesn't come to my house after two days on 15 her dead bodies found from the well. And as per the allegations made by the brother of the deceased. This was the reason for her committing suicide minutes. So trigger to has not been added. No matter why might not even there is somebody here jumping into the well. She's jumping into the well. I have also gone through the medical report. There are no injury marks or anything. No whether you push her into trouble or she just she jumped. That is the case of the prosecution violence as well. chargesheet also, the case of the prosecution is that she has already learned live literally what should you say? If it was the case mylot she was in Georgia city she was staying with you from your home she has gone and her body is found in the well. Lastly, she was not seen with me or she was not with me Even I had there was an occasion wherein I had inquired with the brother that very she at that time they had started inquiry on 15th it was found that her belongings were near found near the well. In this village where I'm staying Yes. On 13 will order she had not joined him at Father's house. We remain community desist on next day that is on 14th October 19 she had mirrored Liberty house and went to the Metro Manila was in the meantime built on 15th it is already was found from the military allegations on the petitioner being a husband that he was constantly mentally and physically torturing the deceased. envelope The main reason appears Miller did the lady who is this is Miller would not give the child to birth to the child that is what the main reason it appears Meranti police papers. What is the punishment as rigorous as 10 years? minutes? thing? 10 years 10 years. And there are statements of the witnesses were specifically stated that she was having a very sensitive nature. Hearing. How should we even eyerman sorry, even if that sounds for the applicant encima no matter what the state, you have no criminal record? No. mallets page 54. I use affidavits to counter what we have begun submitted that the applicant is in jail since 16th October 2019. Please further submitted that the applicant is no permanent residents is also submitted that the deceased was of a vegan sensitive wine. And in the state of 55 there was no abatement on the part of the applicant, who is the husband has also submitted that the ingredients of Section 306 IBC are not made out and the applicant has been falsely implicated. Granted, immensely oblige my notes grateful that my lords kind permission may leave. Now this is Mr. de m Warren Donnie. Yes, Danny. This is for regular mail mailers after filing of charges offense under Section three zero to 143 147. Monitoring the allegations are that the present applicant has inflicted the injury on the leg of the disease on the right leg of the disbursement. So, what have you You are not the main assaulter no mileage and the cause of death is cardio respiratory failure due to hemorrhage shock. And how many injuries on the body three on the head one on the leg head injuries are by authored by the other mean accused. What is the name of the winner use? The name of the derma be makwana derma. Even if we are discloses that the Dharma vs inflict Dharma base when there are three or five persons named in the fire, Dharma is inflicted injury on the head. guca Dharma is inflicted on the head and mallets Harish Buddha is inflicted on the stomach and you ever encrypted on the lane on the leg Melanson. You have the best case, I have the best case only one aspect I'm sorry minute. The other of us have not applied for bail. No no three being given a release by the boat the Navy has not applied for the bill. The other two have been released yesterday by the trial court but no man is being juvenile they have been released by policemen. But only one thing just to bring to lawsuit is not the mother is an eyewitness role attributed in clear words to satoshis Satish was holding a Daria and he is given a injury on the leg of the body of the deceased. Now kindly have the pmdg lawsuit fine on page 35. Yes, three open wounds on the back of the head My friend is pointed out attributed to other accused persons column 17 three open wound at the back paste or do you want to shortcut injuries right so and so on the oblique bone and one open wound so and so present? Please have now page 38 notes Yes, cause of death is cardio respiratory failure due to hemorrhagic shock due to stab wound on the body body. Now those three those injuries what my friend says around the head stem injuries not their stem injuries are two. One is a stem injury given by the present applicant and other is attributed to one other accused who my friends is a juvenile. His case would be completely different worlds. Enroll there are two more things I bring to receive notice what's the what version of the mother is these five individuals armed with sticks and barriers that come only with a view to see that the boy is done to death warlords in our yard somewhere in the family? Yes, sir. In that girl committed suicide in the morning. This is what aged 36 years, that girl was aged 18 years. This is what father of six children's, the youngest eldest daughter was friend of the disease manage the daughter of the first applicant and because of that illicit affair, that girl committed suicide in the morning. And that is why this incident took place that is not the case of prosecutions. The decision by statement says that yes, there was an illicit affair by my husband with the daughter of the accused member when my sister and that is why this incident took place when she was 918 years old at the time of is 19 years old at the time when she committed suicide because of this religion on 15 on the same day on the same day 15 July mother's so therefore, as the revenue went down is that is what the prosecution is saying yes. Therefore, it is not a case that they had gone through some incident altercation took place. So in all preparation, there is the there are different injuries. So it could be on the vital organ part some would be on non vital parts who has caused the injury and how it has been caused. Their presence and all is not in dispute. There is no issue about the causing of the injury or the leg, leg injury to have a leg injury here. It is mentioned as oblique bone modes on the right thigh, oblique bone road high on time and above the knee. Base 35 minutes right thigh, I can see them and very the other stab wound on the head and my loads all injuries. First three injuries are on this day ahead make up the backside of the head. You said there was one injury on the stomach, the on the stomach but it was it is stated but there is no such injury in the Empire. It is stated that not by any hard sharp weapon on the stomach it was with the pipe so that injury would not be reflected in the listing. So my not the person who was holding Daria Aeneas inflicted the injury on the head is dharma. Dharma was already at Aria Yes, Dharma is also holding the die. So when norrona Daria mother says sub the president applicant Satish gave us a boom on the title of the body of the deceased, that your lawsuit fine pace 35 sharp cut moon at the right time oblique bone six into one centimeter open wound bleeding present and cause of death is on account of hemorrhage shock due to stab wound on the body roots. That is what bmcs my basic defense if you're hitting somebody on the head, with the Harrier, there would be an intention to kill. But if you are hitting on a non vital organ part on the leg or something money could be said that you are really wanting to cause some injury, grievous injury, that is the only difference which can be drawn my benefit Mr. Danny can take that's all ladies, please. If it wasn't the stomach or the chest or the head, maybe on the backside of the stomach, there could be like the dangerous like I understand what it is type liquid actually doesn't work Danny that calls for the applicant and she made the money directtv what the state yeah have no previous antigen on account of that incident of the girl sister had committed because 36 there was an objection that you cannot marry that person that is not antecedents are not forming even in the order. It is not. It is released in 20. The applicant is in jail since 21st July 2020. This was a submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. There's also submitted that the role assigned to the applicant is causing a sharp cut injury on the right side of the disease as well as admitted that the head injuries caused by the area are assigned to one coke use therma. poster just submitted that the injury assigned to the applicant being not on a non vital part of the body or the African will be considered for bail granted lumens. Mr. g. Yes. It is a good way to end the apprentice under Section 307-320-6324 and other sections versus now the admitted role of the applicants is that they have given law tables to the complainant Lordships how many law tables are on which part of the body one on hand and on not on vital parts Lordships and the complainant also been discharged on fourth of November Lordships. What is the date of incident date of incident is Lordships 20. Date of incident 23rd of October and they are discharged on first November yesterday after 1211 days. 12 days. Yes All right now the injuries are on the non metal parts non vital parts one on hand and other on below below knee Lordships that is below the elbow injury the allegation against the president we can say good luck keep those one on the hand logics and the other on some other parts of the body but not non vital Lordships total how many injuries on the body that this is before charging that I don't have like then he's alien it Lordships as far as the present applicants are concerned. No noise per getting one Diablo lawsuit that is it is by the accurate number two entities my number Milan petitioner is also Melody's. Number. Mushroom. Yes. He is. Yes. And borrower must identify their brothers. No, they are brothers. Yes. Cha took us only to a case. lira totaling four we don't but but both of these sticks the gears. Criminal antecedents knology. In fact, the complainant has some learner complainant. In October 19. We filed an a fire under Section 325 326. deliver her to review Patel learned counsel as human and meta learner deputy for the State Council for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 1011 2020. That the applicant has no criminal antecedents just further submitted that according to the prosecution case, the applicants were on sticks and have cause injuries on the hand and leg was what's up none of the injuries assigned to the applicants or on any vital part of the body. Bill granted many Yes. need to do. Offense under prevention of corruption act for misappropriation of public money logic misappropriation was this why is that the government grant for construction of a water tank and pipeline was received in the bank account of the Gram Panchayat the amount was withdrawn and the construction was not done. Now let's see. Why you IMD talathi of the Gram Panchayat Lordships I have an extra one resolution of the Gram Panchayat which would indicate that the check of the bank account for me by way of which the money was withdrawn requires two signatures one of the serpents and second either of the member of grand pancetta group serpents now oops serpent Lordships have considered the bail application day before yesterday's enlarge on bail software is my role is concerned Lordships My duty is to maintain a correct record of the expenses done and yet in the books of a counselor chips on the basis of the vouchers and the invoice given to me by the cellphones, Lordships. If my Lord may kindly Have a look at page 24 or 25. It is a typed copy of the resolution which indicates that the bank account which was opened by the Gram Panchayat request signature of two people, one of which is Nicholas II gambassi Jadeja who has in fact withdrawn the amount as it appears from the report slip of the checkbooks, that he has been enlarged on regular bail by my lords day before yesterday. And my role so far is the this is that order. Gotcha. I could not annex that order. Since it was passed day before yesterday it is passed by criminal miscellaneous application number 193 double eight of 2020. Day before yesterday, yes, Lordships. That is 21st. Yes, Lordships. Subsequently, Lord says I have resigned from the state post as a 30 because the offenses of 2016 17. Soon after this incident happened I resigned from the post of celerity and I have joined as a primary school teacher and I am currently working as primary school teacher in government school Lordships? Yes, Mr. Mehta. In short, we are the overhead water tank was constructed but but only on paper. All your work? Yes. And the pipeline also Milady. In time those cameras came on surface mirror upon and complain. One deputy serpents, one serpents, two executive engineers and depression petitioner who is holding our secretary elbows are the leader of the public money Miller. Yeah, that is right. suspended piano teachers jobs and Bobby no he's a he's currently in jail so the automatic suspension of era Lordships would hurt Sri. Me oncidium Surya. Let's talk about the applicant and Shri bundle meta level DBT for the state submittable account for applicant that the applicant is in jail since 2711 2020. also submitted that we have begun to his local antecedents. This next applicant that accused has been granted bail on 21st December 2020. in conducting business application number 193 double eight of 2020. It is also submitted that the applicant was working as a talathi talathi at the relevant time and was not a signatory to the check which was issued to the contractor or against which payment was withdrawn amount was withdrawn granted permission I met at Chico Yes Mr. Robot there is my lotsa regular bill how many antecedent minutes to 480 students and all right now. What are the amount of the molars the amount of liquid is 40,004 040 it has been recovered from your position normally I will not do named in the FMLA use of your medical knowledge All right. Previous revision on the only prohibition is 33. Melissa is given five offenses. Business and my job is a prosperous state. You know that all prosperous and flourishing. businessmen have given birth to the girag view by the island Council for the applicant. And to the Mr. Money Leonard ADB for the State Council for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 2511 2020. was submitted for the submitted there are four previous antecedents of similar nature in which the applicant is already on bail. Next admitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated only because he was earlier involved in such cases. There's also submitted that no recovery was made from the applicant and his name is addressed on the statement or accused. Granted I may be permitted to next is Java Yes we did Allah. This is the regular vilification after filing of the Joshua molars what is under Section 302 minutes to enter cases restaurant number circumstantial evidence. There are no IP cases for the FAA came to be laws against the unknown person molars, what is your toxicity which has come out in the investigation? Nothing there's only one CCTV footage has been discussed by the Millers, the complaint and Miller's in the further statement on the same day molars, he says that I can see the CCTV footage is and the CCTV footage it could be seen that the present applicant the other accused person or beating the This is rajoub However, during under investigation nerves, there is no such punchnama of collecting such assisity footage. These are mirrors made by the investigation officer molars are no such molars statement that I have put this CCTV footage with the music is an opposite. Even Lonnie says enjoy jazz also observed on pG 90 minutes in the Indian order also that yes, there is no CD footage on record neither the punchnama is there no such coutances are there, but the prosecution can produce this evidence during the trial it is observation of the learned trial judge but during judge it has been submitted already submitted mirrors and CCTV footage is not part of the judge it is part of the Justice not even punchnama is that it has been collected not given you have to say something I had I have just taken instructions from the investigating officer with regard to this very CCTV but the only the largest burner I may take one minute haha like us persons and the victim This is our working together in the same factory. Yes, yes, dominoes there was there consumed liquor in the night there was some altercation with the present applicant and the deceased must receive numbers on the next day this there is material in the nature of CCTV indicating that till early morning next early morning until four o'clock the man was beaten because there are as many as 24 injuries over his body and roads. These people put the dead body in a rickshaw. The shovel only intimated to the police with regard to a body being there in the it was a close rickshaw which was close to my nose when he found the body he intimated the police. Ultimately on the next demos, the owner of the factory came with the complaint, that is how this complaint is filed. During the course of investigation on very on that very day Malone's CCTV is collected and that is how this entire incident is then anomalous, that is what instructions have taken. Now, as far as CCTV is concerned, he will also convey the observation, it is not a case that the CCTV is not present. He says that this CCTV since is not taken for the purpose of the present offense, that is how the learned advocate has placed the contention before the code below. He says there as far as the CCTV footage is concerned, it is not collected during the course of investigation that is what is even my friend is making a submission, but the fact remains that there is a DVR the DVR since my friend says that it is not forming a part of chargesheet most then I like to inquire I'll rely on what my friend has to say in words. Because there is a difference of CCTV and that is the material on the basis of which the President the accused persons or any statements are produced to order matters telling me what to do juhayna like us orders also I have permitted that was part of August 2020 miles we can really appreciate that is on page 10 minutes in in that order also mirrors the learning session john it was lucky it was passing the opinion please. Malika Laxman Singh and Bella are the applicant and the money. Leonard APB for the state according to the law and counsel for the applicant. I want the applicant is in Jensen 17 February 2020. It is polysomnogram that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. commoners. Right disagree. pushover is next submitted that to the case of circumstantial evidence, and no one has seen the commission of the crane also submitted that only on the basis of some CCTV footage as indicated by the owner of the factories that the name of the advocates to get another copy surfaced. It is also a submission that during investigation TV footage has not been selector knob which part of the diary is reading or the investigation is also submitted that as for the Prosecution Service itself, there was some prior notification while the accused and the deceased were having liquor in the mix also submitted that as for the prosecution case, and as per the CCP TV footage. All the views are shown to be flashing This is really clever, even if even if the prosecution choices not be a case of Section 302 IBC what would fall under Section 304 I missed that illuminants Yes. Yes. In case of LOD 376 on that date of offense is Florida 20 432 1018. A fire lodge on 362 1018 but in the meantime, the applicant and the lady victim they are now married and the applicant was arrested this one moment 2020 and what is the date of the hire? prepares of blood 24 336 2083 680 362 1018 what absconding below I had a lot with the lady, the lady a minor or major, but now she's major and Rob, she's, she's deciding me. She has filed the affidavit also paid the maturity date of offense, she was 16 years and five months over her three children to protect learned counsel for the applicants, as we learned before the state, not counting for the applicant submits that the applicant is in jail since 2011 2020. And that the applicant has no criminal antecedents for submitted next submitted that the first information report is of third of June 2018. At the time when the applicant had a lot to deal with it also has also submitted that both the applicant and the victim have married and we're happily deciding to whether when suddenly on 2311 2020 the applicant has been arrested, submitted what was submitted that the in any case as Public Prosecutions, indicating as far as the prosecution case, is now a major bail granted of your family but he will be doing it much later. Better Guess what? The video is gonna be your legs Please Yes, now next is Mr 34 Mr. AGI, Mr. gela but it is managed with new logic I may be permitted to appear in this new number 34 you have Mr. As timberlea s timberlea, please. Yes. Mr. Mallya. It's a regular bill. Application after finding of the chargesheet Yes, allegation initially in under the 307 below then after subsequently unfortunately the disease died and 302 came to be added. So what is I admitting the case of prosecution and complaint as it is it is the case of prosecution law that DC is used to supply some narcotic substance to the son of gnessin been a symbol who is one of the accused for that will not nursing man who went to the house of disease. When the complaint and original father of the disease was present. He's eyewitness, he has seen that melotte Nassim one who along with his son Arbus, his son in law rajic and one other person sat down, similar total 5.4% named in a fire I'm not named in fa. So rule attributed to this wise Milan, that la semana went for raising such complaint that why you are supplying such kind of drugs to my son, Perminov verbal conflict take place between the party where melotte Arbaaz and rogic. They both have given the stick blow to the disease. And so far as saddam is concerned, he caught hold the same man who was present. So what does not my role is concerned there is no even whisper about my role. There is no even name or there is no evil not named in a fight that unknown accuser. There are unknown person. It is also there is no government in the FBI. That complainant is Eyewitness he has given the specific name of this whole person that they were present by the help of each other they have committed the crime, subsequently not going after deceased died and 302 came to be added in my name is again under the chashma. So not in my house who has taken your name and what is the role complicity. Some of the witnesses taken so far as witness are concerned about the stories change because complainant is saying that the entire incident occurred in the house of complaint when he was present. Witnesses are saying that it occurred outside of the house. Witnesses stated My name that may not seem stick blow that I was there with the stigma, no delegation of stake. But even Otherwise, there is in my humble submission. There is no reason to disbelieve the story of complainant because he's the first informant a relative of nasima no formula I'm not at all associated with the symbol All right. Yes reserve meta Miller he was present and he has taken active participation in the offense is particular to all my investigation paper reveals he is given a wooden log blow in the head of the deceased may hole build my resume, it is mirrored recorded in the order passed by the internet or below. He was further limited identified in the test identification for a particular complainant and below he has a formula DPM report the cause of death is mirrored described mirrored as a matter of mechanic permit me to read show due to internal hemorrhage is a result of head injuries. These are the Milan cause of death. Therefore, he it has been rightly reported by the learned code below that He has given a grievous blow on the head of the deceased medical and due to which we are the diseases that lost his life. Now, he was not able to be aware that is correct. He was not named India payment is correct but unknown has been lost by a person who was present on the spot who's an eyewitness Yes, yes, he was Eyewitness News. But it is mirrored. It is mentioned four persons are named in a fighter bus. nussenbaum Jumeirah jeek Nassim Babu and saddam given a poor and Omni coordinated formula for persons are named specifically not named, but he was later on identifying destratification perennials looking virtually as timberlea learned advocate for Mr. m barreda. account for the applicant then Shame on them later learned a few people to see if you have any criminal antecedents no logic, no and discipline, learn constant name on behalf of the applicant submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents and in jail since both August 2020. It is next submitted that the applicant is not named in the fire although there are four persons named as accused in the fire so it is Nick submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated during an investigation on the statement of the complainant and other witnesses. There's also submitted that there is serious dispute between the testimony and the evidence collected during the investigation. As some of the witnesses have said that the incident took place outside the house. Whereas according to the complainant, the incident occurred inside windows bill rate for DPS and may be permitted to watch please Yes, it is a regular visa application after filing of joshy Province under Section three zero to 323 and 148 149. The case of prosecution is that the applicant and others help you or injury to the disease Isha the allegation against the present applicant is he had inflicted stick blow on his and amps single blow on head and the single row on hand. There are eyewitnesses also they're all are the family members, only one is the from the other than witness. But all witness said that applicant and others had beaten that time one person's hair came and saved from the for the leader and then after he was given to the medical treatment, and on next day he was expired in the entire chassis before what is the motive for doing such things is not come on surface not even stated by the witnesses. I witnesses who are the family members and close relatives even though they have not stated so why the hell did this incident occurred. One eyewitness is jurina when his sister in law he had stated in the in the statement that he has seen that incident but he has not informed his husband. The reason is in the statement here says oh that DVC is having such type of dispute more frequently occurred and therefore he has not said so. It is stated statement of Jerry Robin is there originally via via 307 Are we going to agree 302 there is a nice after I owe you an injury, they're not given a company. they'll stick with you under the grant and also civil hospital he was expired then after they have given the complaint. Now what is the date and time of incident? These are time of incident 2022 11 to 19 evening hours 830 and the date is on next day in the morning. What time the integrity of 2019 yes in the morning nine hours. nine hours. Yes ma'am. And you will be arrested on 24 1120 Yes 2009. Wherever you are 2411 2,020/24 November 2020 might appears as a mistake because he says this is regular bill after charging it is a mistake. What I have is a response now I only have the charging because only Thank you No no 90 milords Ravi because the bail application itself 2000 October 2020 why it is pre wait Before 11 2019 exam ready for level 2019 page 20 my notes My friend has the charge sheet papers, the best case is produced before the Lordships is that there is no motive. Now that is not relevant. No even that is the point that is my friend is the statement of jurina been there if we will find our bernama karneval j k glycol address all right Mr. Gamarra dear estaba en esto Baba na choco Ravi, Allah Duca Tata, Pankaj Tata Dietrich, so in so, so, so, that the actual question today Mr. bata, Dr. Medina, surgery was almost like it. If my friend has that statement, the earlier day there is an altercation at stage number two, as far as eyewitnesses are concerned, even independent witnesses of stage have stated injury by stake on the head of the deceased vital part that is one, those who are considered they have not given any injury on the vital part of the body. That is one case notes. And it's a case of eyewitness models that come with the stake and these injured workers that is the case. But they were only out with sticks, that's all Yes, no vapor is used only the wooden stick were used and single blow on here and the single in even in the pm also that injury single injury soul on him and the one injury one right hand in the pm also it is said so, therefore, I am saying that it is not motive to kill the same and even the motive is not surfaced and therefore also the dog cases of 302 and he is not there such habitual persons. Now, we should give only one thing desert before the verbal altercation according to prosecution are arbitrary and under the event and assaulted and yes, that is that is that is a complete limit kind of you ever met a complainant do not he's not a virgin, but there is the eyewitness images kind of give him a soft copy of the paper. Good morning. Yes, the eyewitnesses are seeing three eyewitnesses that when they went out of the house, they saw these people horrorland quarreling and giving injury to the body of the deceased I cannot find a statement which says that there are some noises they heard or there was some co warrant which took place when I kind of wish they went out and then the incident started out this incident had started that is what the Siemens name What are the if I are mentioned by a fire is by one MTS. Who is he he's enabled is also normal. And he was only get the information from the witnesses that in such a type of incident is occurred. Why occurred nothing soon, but on the very next day. He was expired then after complainant rushed to the hospital and then after complaint was lodged. What is the time of loading of complaint? lodging of complaint 24 time my date of incident has occurred at 830 on 22nd of November, a 30. Evening Jesus complaint he knows that he's on the next day afternoon 1420 hours 1420 hour that means 220 Jesus on 23rd number nine loads and what is the explanation for the delay? no delays on page seven he says the boy was taken to junagadh civil hospital very passed away during while taking the treatment. And then after he has come to register the complaint against the son of soba Ben who is also one of the accused models There are six accused or sold and out of six firewalk the teenagers below the 21 years of age and the one is a jeweler. Therefore, they are the teenagers and no such history but they are considered because this is the man who is given the injury on the vital part of the body therefore, they are considered all others have been reasonable yes all our ease what below but yes my this essence is narrated in the order itself is more 22 little verses and repeated. Townsend was the applicant, and she remains the moneylender MPP for the state. There are no similarities events, no land boundaries, what we have to consider much that the 11th 2019 notice on the grid that the applicant has no criminal antecedents that the applicant has been falsely implicated next submitted that the fire has been launched with considerable delay for which there is no reasonable explanation. Next time again that there is only one blow on the head unless you have been made by wooden stick with also find a good operation from the medical from the post mortem report. The other injuries on behind yes the Capital One. Sit down to the next case. Please what is the second interview? Yes Oh yes you're the present mail application is upgraded to the options under NDP SAP check. Yes. The offense they wonderment article is a terrorist you're not that upon to statement. You're not 

