Whatever what Morning sir. So first we deliver judgments on a show, Mr. Mishra shobe neurochem das Barbarossa and Hanford myself like me but you didn't get a Coca Cola Pepsi Cola is still completely relevant they're already here anywhere Mr. Palmer yes yes Am I yes. So, finally, after hearing the issue and the primary objection raised by the learner Advocate General in the appeal that the matter may be listed along with the reference order a matter of made by Justice Badiola and in that matter, the Acting Chief Justice then had already constituted a full bench. So, therefore, we we have directed that this matter may also come up with that and both matters will be listed on 27 January 2021. All right. We have also framed the issues which arise for consideration the present appealing the opening part of the judgment itself on a perusal of the seven issues taking the gentleman in order dated 18th April 2019. The reference order, we are convinced that the same would cover the issues which have been framed by us for decision in the present. Now that the issues to be decided within the appeal having already been referred to a full bench and the full bench having been constituted in June 2019 itself, much before the public matter was heard on 10th of February 2020. As such, we are the Prime Minister I view that both the matters need to be heard but that there is no conflict of opinions. Let this appear along with civil application for we're getting increasingly connected with special civil application number 107590 2011. And both matters may be listed before the full bench on 27 121 might not see meanwhile me I mentioned my Laci meanwhile the state granted should be removed when the matters are ripe for hearing then there is no question of we're getting into remodels but it was a single application that application will also be listed along with the main matter was an ex parte de order yes ex parte orders are granted as padishah You must also what ex parte orders? No no not only that the state has got an ex parte de order. Now status quo now Why have you stayed late today? So I'm sorry we were emitting some difficulties. But is it gonna be good that this matter may be listed along with the results matter? Please. Now second is the Libby Rana Yes, there'll be a 1409 Do you mind option All right. So just bear with you. I Yes, sir. Can I pronounce that Mr. Denny brana is joining us joining us. Yes. Mr. needed a shot. So please, please my lips. Yes, sir, in the light of a forested background, since we've started many studies in the light of a forester background or facts, since we are satisfied that close scrutiny of the record is leading to a situation where we find no merit in latest patent appeal as a result of this, we see no error committed by the largest single judge accordingly, We hereby dismiss the latest patent opinion leaving it open to the appellant to agitate basic grievance before the appropriate forum IP. So advice, Interim relief is any standard forthwith in your disposal of civil application on several applications are, according to this court of law. Maybe be permitted to leave may be permitted to remain? Yes. I may also be permitted to leave my notes. Yes, don't go again. It's very much physiological. All the record recall reasons recorded above we do not find any merit in this group of petitions. We are of the view that these petitions were recorded about deserve to be dismissed with costs, which we quantify at rupees 10,000. For every petitioner in each of the cases, consequently, the spiritual applications also stand disposed off. Last logic that Gosh, Part mumbi deleted because they are more liberal and imposing less spots. And not because the partners are poor Milord, where you should where you have been culturally, you've been given them wrong advice. No, not wrong advice to three rounds of litigation and the fourth round your file. No, no, no, we have 5,000,001 pity some Milord mentioned everything you're free to pick it up. may not or may I request melotte. The Internet will be granted by the pseudocode maybe continue for four weeks at that time objecting for continuation of the same eyelets rejected and made a request that the operation of the order will be stayed for four weeks. First off, we do not find any lead into submission in view of the finding record buyers. The requested accordingly declined. I'm grateful. Yes. Oh yeah. permitted numeric. measures, please. Mr. Buddy, came for a visit with you. No, sir. It is regarding that block. There are five regarding delivery orders. Yes. At that time, it has been deposited. That's the only thing to deposit November 13. November 2020 20. Just one minute, I'm sorry. Sometimes But is it? Mr. Cooper? He's not gonna do what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah. Give me yeah last is he sitting under the chamber? bankruptcy is a process in which cause was imposed what do you what do you want to know the Lord has directed us to deposit a legal service authority GLS state legal gsls we have deposited it and not within one month that's the only thing. So, Archer you Vitor SLP no order has not been getting further by the Emperor you already I advised them to go before our FX got to my Lord to settle the very gray area whether 32 the scope of the board the tribunals powers and the High Court powers, but I said that we started first proceedings related to the cost aspect, which is very heavy we are in the COVID-19 period and the look into the accountability of the officers concerned the head office took a decision to implement the order we held on position also to the the original applicants and will also be now decided to have a fresh 13 to process second round Alright, let's move on lots of directions. But I said that what we have done very well ultimately after three years, the borrower got the position in a scrap condition of the entire factory very well. Also given everything we will comply last year produce the request this application was filed for doing away with the course by Mr. Tucker appear in this lawsuit lawsuit that change of concept is even lighter. So, change of counsel did not change the color of battle with three four sitting to my Lord, I have ultimately successfully unsuccessful successfully even even unsuccessful in the second round also it cost us nothing I use the office not the time period for depositing the cost of rupees five lakh per appeal is extended for that period of wondering deposit there is no deposit it will extend extended up to August 32 deposit will be deposited on 13th November 2020. Sir, all the way up to the date of deposit has me advisor Punjab National Bank. The appellate body was a state legal services party rushing the authority may accept the deposit as within time, last what I said was the honorable court for some lady posit. Mr. Gates, I will let you we are living philosophy and permission wrong. Yes. Problem mallomars. Yes, we are live. Please Please write this we have received the report from both the council as well. Mr. odden Singh and Mr. Shalini Mehta assisted by among Shiloh to the hem action. Yes, Mr. Ramanathan Singh Mr. Salim Mehta and Mr. Huang Cha, gg malgin. avi had heard this matter earlier and the order of some confusion because of code and everything so why is god you know, not somewhere else something happened later on we requested for providing briefs which we have received. We will decided this is a formality which we'll do because of this long period of you know, the material meaning. Everything is what you have argued you've already placed it by way of written brief also, we will consider everything and the date in January so that by the next day the order is delivered and not delayed any further. Fix it for it in January. Jim I like it can't blame them. We have Hershey ramen and dancing learned counsel for the appellant in appeal number 1496. COVID-19 and 1501 of 2019. Mr. Singh, you appear in both the letters. No, Mr. yagnik. appears one minute. Yes. Yes, yes. Let me admit him. He's also Mr. yakni case here. Yes. Mr. yagnik. Yes. We have received within reach Rama Mr. Singh also when Mr. Beta also group is that you guys want to file any written brivo you would like to live on this gembrook is insane as well. Five days in a row, do you find it within a day or two? Alright guys, it is Kanika Weaver, she Ramananda zinger 1000 for the appellant in appeal number 1496 of 2019 Sri Muslim yagnik learner counsel appearing for the appellant in the bill number 1501 of 2019. We have Charlene Mehta limits in the advocate assisted by Shri numancia. That does what the respondents in both the apiece as well, which they've done he learned a gap for the state. In both of these orders is a counsel for the appellant in appeal number one for 2019 see relevancy. And tree one challenge. we're responding to what the appeals filed there was Sri Muslim yagni which was granted a week's time based on submit the written briefs. Post is better for delivery of judgment on 18 January 2021. Based on request is not May I be permitted to file one supplemental submission? You know, because one of the one submission is one submission is left out. Either I can replace the one that is given or I will make the date technically, Mr. yagnik. Mr. Mehta and then Senior Counsel appearing for those wonders have requested for filing either a supplementary written briefs or a new written briefs replacing the public public copy to the other side. Of course, that is understood. I don't need to record that. Like Yes. So yes, our body on with our regular roster now. Yes, right. Yes, right. Thank you. Mr. metha. My Lords. Today we are running against time. GG. We try to assess your Lordships huh? Well, no, you're free to argue or whatever. I'm not stopping you from arguing those matters where the prohibition on all matters. We can at least with antigens, we can immediately submit Yes, yes. Yes. I do know my specific questions and cases quantity and antecedents. Yes. Not a need of solving. Well, this is one example one antecedent of prohibition is the man who was to receive the prohibited liquor the total value of liquor in all is 52,300. the right key, Mr. Salvi, please my orders in a legal way. We have words in either side, we learned on the applicant anything that may be of any letter DBT for the state. lead counsel for the applicant submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. It is next submitted that there is only one antecedent of the applicant of similar offense. also submitted that the goods recovered. were valued at rupees 15,000. Approximately. There's also submitted that the name of the accused applicant has been taken by the work use. Granted I'm grateful to my notes minimum wage, should they want to be involved the same button as yesterday? double double? Yes. Except for two matters where we requested our senior to sit here watching. All right, which are those matters, but only in the 43 minutes we are requested in poor security 43 only? Yes. Yes, yes. Next is Mr. MB random. You seem to calm down types of weather. Yes. That's the anticipated rebel. base number 12 is an application. The complainant made an application to the to policies and one is a circus follistatin and they can let the sapwood politician as well as in this fit, stating that there is a piece of land for that the power of attorney came to be executed in 2012. And then after in 2014. Some document has been created by me. And then after in 2016 662 1016. He made an application complaint before because when policies and bid came to be investigated and they found some document and then after it's been there, no effort came to be launched on the basis of that application and then after they've moved in a notice public notice full title clearance certificate in 2020. Therefore we moved in specific performance suit before the consultancy will code being a special civil suit number 115 $2,000. Yesterday money but 22nd. As far as the power of attorney, he is the person who is holding the power of attorney very original power of attorney. It is not my he said I'm sorry, I'm not the person holding the power of attorney and the person in favor of the monitor that can to be executed by the power of attorney. All right, they do fail on the basis of power of attorney in the favor of the president applicant. But in fact, he comes to about this fact only after he gives a title here certificate, but in this is the place where earlier he says that there was a false power of attorney which the police have recovered. Now because that was since he wanted to find that this power of this land is now clear the power of attorney is not utilized. He gives a title for years at the beginning on the basis of which the present applicants and other reason objection that we ever share as far as this land is concerned, I am the in fact the holder of binaca through a power of attorney who have this presently in my in fact after he gives a title here certificate, there is an agreement, there is a tude filed by the applicant in against those power of attorney holders and the landowners for execution have extended on the basis of power of attorney malos. That is how the victim says that he is in fact not a board of ID purchaser of either one of it entered into that contract. That's what he said. That is what is the case of the present applicant applicant. Otherwise, he's not he's not yet on the order. Notice we have paid 21 like this for myself. I have paid 21 like to the power of attorney holder. Bye. Bye, guys. Some of the check losses that the various installment in Vegas learned also for the applicant and to the medium for the state. Their counsel for the applicant submitted that the applicant was a bona fide applicant was a one off it entered into a contract with the alleged bodoni holder not knowing that he had committed some fraud and had been a false power attorney. It was also submitted that the applicant had paid an amount of rupees 21 lakhs partly by way of cash and partly by cheque by cheque went to bank transaction check card through bank transaction is also submitted that the applicant has already filed the suit before the Civil Court including the power attorney holder as also the original title holders. That is a principle for specific performance. Which suit is still pending. But much of less man Yes please A plain old visa This is primarily a civil dispute. The criminal proceedings have been initiated only to build pressure on the applicant jaideep Cindy yes how many accidents Oh, Mr. metha two antecedents Miller from which 17,000 liquor was found. Alright leaky well, hertz 300,000 for the applicant entry Maldon meta learner deputy what is the state lead counsel for the applicant submits that the applicant has been falsely implicated on the statement of coke use. Is the car owner chattering your chips Absolutely. Signal book your holster for the submitted that there are only two criminal antecedents of the applicants relating to similar offenses granted, grateful or highly footballing Isabella My apologies. Yes. Made visit our ship. Yes. Milord serial number four minutes. Yes, anticipatory bail for the offense of 406-420-5062 minutes. Yeah. What is the allegation? The allegation is this was there are two applicants my notes the applicant number two is the Son and the replica number is the father the father right? Yes. What was the allegation is this why is the applicant complete? applicant number two had to pay a trapeze at six lakh rupees to the complainant for the payment of the goods purchases diamond mileage. After that purchasing of that goods molars, the applicant number two is not making a payment. And therefore the the complainant metaphor, Merton tried to contact the father of the pin number two that is applicant number one who had assured that his son will make a payment after such assurance, the mirror what is this 86,000 diamonds have been purchased it is like it is exaggerated. 86 let diamond whatever it is, I have given you something and I am supposed to receive money if you don't pay me I need to file a civil suit regarding my money. And in particular, it is one type of cheating Milhaud to promise to give the amount and Milady every transaction as a promise to get to the learned counsel for the applicant. As a reminder, meddler DBP for the state of the applicant submitted that the applicants have been falsely implicated whatever the next submitted that the applicants have no criminal antecedents, no models that his mother submitted that the dispute with many would be as of seven legit and he complained if he has any grievance, they recover the amount the bees entitled to an appropriate civil proceedings and not by lodging any more or by visiting Miss Lola has been immensely blessed. Malema looks Yes. Mr. bliss. This is an application for anti supremium notice it gives you insight into regular well but not etc. And the sections 26 subsection one plus F and So 77 years again for us tech, you're getting out of 1991 9394 129 of Bombay forest rules. Yes, my lord complainant namely Pankaj by the by mystery would have registered complaint yes normally how registered complaint alleging that they 18 teak trees that is trees approximately once a groove is 45,000 have been stolen by some unknown person for these reasons FBI investigation has been founded you are the person who has cultivated visa you have sold it to someone else right yes Milord then apply for bail surrender why it is between goods found good found record one lakh 50,000 was a transaction Yes. Was CCTV was their inquiry was their cars are connected? always connected? not have it gives her and his retrieval with robbery. Mr. Potter Do you want to better this? Mr. Bromberg? Can you hear me? Barbie? Mr. Robot? lesson What next? Is the same five and six are same. But one answer for only one employee. Yes, yes, it is not. Yes. Mr. Barber, do you want to withdraw these applications? Or do you want me to pass no detailed order. rejecting it? This is not a case where I would like to withdraw my Lord. These have already been released on bail My Lord. That's what I'm also telling you you will may be entitled to regular bill but not what it is. But otherwise, surely part number 33 number that counts for the applicant entry there were 70 learned ATP for the state. She remembered after indiscipline states that the application may be dismissed as withdrawn leaving it open to the applicant to avail other remedies available. accordingly the application is dismissed with Liberty has played dono cases maker Next is the same search as a magnet both are similar Yes. shareholder value. Yes. Today on to identify seven 2018 the informant had executed the one sale agreement with the present applicant Marvel's gonna be very pleased that is members may hear me that story is an entire false violence created by the informant. The mean he carried Yes. The notarized agreement is executed with a sense of witness to the complainant educated person or not illiterate or semi educated. He is not. He is not he is not. He is retired person. He's a retired person please. One 120 572 1018 bailout the agreement is executed. He did not comply with the agreement. Therefore my lords on 410 2019 I filed civil suit before talking to Mr. Whether you want to add something of page 26 16,051,000 have been given by cheque and out of Milord 90 lakhs and 50,000 by cash. Is it this Milord agreement envelope this transaction itself Miller suggesting that there is similar diluted effects. Some problem there's a problem in that vibrate under the pretext of purchasing Carmilla signatures and photographs are obtained in agreement to sell is created that is not the case of prosecution. No but he says he is what a civil suit was for 2019 2020 the fire is lost. He will came the specific case of prosecution, the complainant only came to the notice that in 2018, about this agreement in 2019 year Milord prosecuted it is not the case of complainant the transactions we wrote are suspicious 51,000 case I'm sorry 51,000 check and out of below 90 legs and the 49,000 our case after 2018 1990 lashes at level paid by cash, yes and melodious hearing poor antecedents of similar in nature symbolism, not one of the ones that is similar other mirror for 1.7 and Miller other aspects antecedents in different images or districts middle then you apply for Mr. Missouri is the rendering regular Well, there is no otherwise you see, what Mr. Mathias pointed out is interesting thing, the agreement says that the value of the transaction would be 90 lakhs and ordered correctly please say you are paid 51,000 by cheque and 89 lakhs or Oh no, that is not correct. We are only one but I can I can point it out basic, very clear bait 16 a cover letter said it is in the Gujarati language 51,000 check, then six six lakh 40,000 being withdrawn from Bank out in in case seven lakh 50,000 withdrawn from Bank and given in case pilots net 59,000. Which brings me in even in case withdrawn from by but given in cash paid in cash rest of the amount I have to get at the time of solving. This is purely a civil matter my Oh otherwise, so far as antecedents if you want an order or you're withdrawing it, I withdraw my logs but yes, you withdraw Yes, you understand it. But mercury argument is what the applicant nc maanden whether leaded APB was a state after some days in Missouri states that this application may be dismissed and withdrawn leaving it open to the applicant to avail the other remedies available. Otherwise all Yes, other accuser of mine was granted a series of joshy might not be the witnesses at all now you are very perceptive. That is why there was everyone wanted NTV is Eva, please. Yes, this is words for anticipatory bail. When a fire came to be registered under the gambling act boots in the applicant were when mobile phone was seized as Madonna thereafter onwards my wife made an application for release of that mobile phone where one BD is produced, which allegedly will not respond prosecution is not a genuine bill of that mobile phone. And their formula is the court will not in my application under Section 451 of crpc order to release to a fire pursuant to court order. Yes, yes. Render and get bail Mr. marbles Buddha beans Normally, I know it right but only one aspect that's it. I did not have time other matters will have yours will not be taken up. Don't worry if you miss a second not every panel will lead counsel for the applicant. I say maanden meta learner technically for the state is why we don't allow one more minute 13 minutes me Wait, wait, wait. Yes, we'll take it up in a while. Please. I have a violin cereal if I start taking out this has become a problem. Yes, yes. Yes, please. My end beef product. Then number nine. Yes. This is the anticipatory bail application. In Lordships, there is the entire commercial transaction. The role of the applicant is that he is just a broker. He introduced other small traders to the complainant for the supply of the garments, which are generally only consistencies. They The only consistency as far as this trader is concerned shall only be Malia didn't none of them have returned that is what he says was during the settlement on the record, there is already and we have paid the check also post dated check is given to the complainant and he has agreed for the settlement costing of the fire. And in the interest of the circumstances prevailing is already here. nurseryman, Perak lead counsel for the applicant, Angie they're very they're very learned a bit before the state that counsel for the applicant submitted that the dispute is purely commercial in nature. And no ingredient of any good offense exists only in order to build some pressure on the applicant. The fire has been registered. It is also submitted that there is already a settlement and I bet between the parties for which positive checks have been issued. to please me looks like Yes, thank you. Please. Hello. Yes. Hi. Maybe it won't be a performance development. I'm saving top but where did you bite? Man only only only got a only kept voting tip of the finger. That is the only injury that is the only injury and Crossfire Milo I have acted in self defense. That is my case. My look. Please, please. You are reserved. After again, even though Mr. pm delay for Mr. Mitchell and you'll see her 3pm Pm the advocate for Sheree Michelle and Angela, lead counsel for the African energy that was the deputy for the State Council for the applicant submitted that although section 326 IPC has been mentioned in the fire but it is in the views only of biting the finger tip there's also submitted that the alleged only in self defense and there are processed by us by both the sides take granted things updates windows may result with negative side central behold SF w otherwise do not have like I'm leaving. Yes, probably Mr. Jim borrowed Jim borrowed his mother borrowed are different. Please do Bharati the serial number 21. Mr. Moodle borrowed is listed at serial number 21. day there's a gym Yes, please note the offenses charged under prevention of animal animal cruelty and animal protection. I am not naming a fire. I am deciding at modasa office you take it kotoba my Tiger dt. How many antioxidants? No, no. Nothing. No. against me. No, no. No. Firstly, Jane borrowed the applicant nc maanden with a deputy for the State Council for the applicants admitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents to stop this photo submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated on the statement of accused only takes granted. Are you obliged to murder? Yes, please. Yes. Let's all regular bill before charset Office of theft media allegation is that applicant with lm with the accused number one will both were found with a stolen articles and then formulated under Section 441 of crps Inlet no there is no antecedent. Next is a data file please number 14 Miller pilots was Mr. metha says that there are no problems he says I will accept it. Unless it hurts me SMP can either doggies or the applicant Benjamin and meta learner deputy for the state government for the applicant submitted the application is in jail since 4611 2020. It is submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents has also submitted that the applicant has been falsely implicated. were granted now your regular basis awaiting Malema? Yes. Yes, Mr. Magoo. God, what is your regular? Well? Yes, that's the case of the prosecution is that not I was having an affair with the deceased and allegedly Milady I have committed his murder. As far as lots defects are concerned lots. I am the person who informed on telephone to the informant that some incident has happened I took the disease to the hospital and it appears with the disease not so head died. The prosecution says that there is a knife which has been discovered which does not bear any blood stains. That discovery is at my instance as per the prosecution and there are otherwise no other eyewitnesses billets who are there to not suggest that I have actually participated in such offense and accept the fact that because he was in relationship with me and I had given a threat before two days that I made. Is there any eyewitness? No, there is no eyewitness. There is no way and you have carried the disease to the hospital. Yes, yes. Your name is recorded in the hospital records. Broadway. It would be since this is before church it was I do not have those medical papers but it is an admitted backwards that will here's whichever derani by only three four inverse This is a matter where investigation is yet not complete or not started is yet to be filed, but the material collected so far in the nature models I only point out because the complete papers are also not with me it is yet to be investigated. All details location. The information rather the threat by the present accused to one of two the brother or sister of the victim mullets emeralds as far as this knife is concerned, though the IU says that there is no blood on the knife, but if the thermal parties is very used, it does not disclose whether there is $94.80 cent for FSL so far and was this is a case where we are still investigating, but the material today against circumstances against him is there is a thread there are called details. There is some war material with regard to his location, but I will not be able to disclose at this stage because charged with Mr. missoura yesterday. There are two options. One is I Grant time to the state to take complete instructions and file a counter evidence in this matter please minutes or I can grant you liberty to approach it fresh after Josh it is fine. If If state can file an effort because the doctor will have the medical papers may reveal the history which is given before the doctor which may or may not clarify the entire issue because I have taken the deceased will not store Dr. Katyn Joshi his clinic and thereafter to healing touch hospital that is an admitted fact millets that I had done in the lab the prosecution come up with their reply to your environment in the evidence please there's whatever material is lost is my agenda on a particular date with whatever material minutes will base for what just give you what hurts me until 1002 they're made up for the state so everybody to see their money the investigation is still going on what's up however in response to the government's made in the epidemic she's the nanny pays for dissented three weeks time by lots, three weeks time I'm updating file count reputable What would you like to say to place on the god the or place on the gods relevant instructions? my notes here, let this better be listed on 14 live what did you do 1318 January 2021 before the appropriate code, it shall not be treated as tied up to this wedge please karate the material then come? You probably will not see this may clarify this for sure you come please. All right. Next is Mr. Mahesh pujara. Please watch metrics number 14. Notice I have this application for regular well because President Lord no offense in pass button load as per my such a nominal charge is filed during pendency of this careful note I may across people the trial court see sassy despite Why should he go to the trial court. I'm granting you will but he may do so for this matter. Why, but he's a police officer. He was the president applicant. So he was helping in fact the entire convoy there are called details that he is missing from service Why do you want to keep him in jail? Very take action and disagreed proceeding dismiss improve service if he's doing that says when he again can do automatic suspension and once he is taken into custody for more than 24 hours deemed suspension fee login or when it comes in for the Sri maheshpur dada dada. Dada please please Lordships. Name is in fact four letters and you do not complete I I have no problem causing any harm to Lulu only Milady it appears that for lighter samuda appears that the briefing lower wanted to take credit mode while filing the application. Whatever you say I want difficulty in my parameters I would have granted well do you want this video I will approach the police who says under instruction i cannot not go beyond my instruction synopsis uberaba the audio section. She talks about the applicant states that he has inserted instructs us to withdraw this bail application as these charges have been filed and the applicant will apply before the trial court before the court below for bail. accordingly the application is dismissed. withdrawn with Liberty spread sheets. unintended APB appeared for the state only request note that this has not gone into the merits of the pujara opening statement. Mr. Andrade please merely haha very well. Please. Bill idea now Mr. Talladega is here. Is your lawsuit lawsuit regular application after charset offense punishable under prohibition? Normal or? No it was the offense on the line for send the affidavit of I have one 313 offenses 13 offenses. I sent a copy of my Maybe Mr. Daniell I'll send the copy of the affidavit of Your Lordship to Mr. Villani. You know, I'm leaving the written instructions. We don't have the only 13 offenses and as per the error provision, watch, all operate nominal 303 24. Most of them are prohibition. But lordship, I have the copy of the affidavit of IOU and there is no criminal antecedent. This is a video number one five lordship 19817 Yes. 19817 watts madres Kumar. Yes. Yes. I'm confirming it without it is but there is Kumar he is giving me not 13 antecedents but what if I held the copy of the I Alright, anyway, this is Brian Bishop, I'm granting you When is your lawsuit in the amount of recovery goods give negative seven seven legs Miller seven days. But lots if the petitioner is involved by the statement of CO accused, he says arrested the owner of the vehicle and owner of the vehicle safety I'm the driver of the vehicle I've ever heard three kP melodiya learn also what the applicant nc maanden with an APB for the state 10,000 for the AR begins admits that the applicant is in jail since 110 2020. This part the submitted that the applicant has been falsely indicated on the statement of the coke use. Your Worship Me mentally has been pointed out by Shri meta learner a pp. There are 13 verbal antecedents of which most of the cases are of similar nature. However, according to Sybil idea, there are no camera incidents as per the affidavit of the investigating officer file before the court blog. And we mentioned only once you may permit to leave the vulnerable but yes mr. You Yes What is 370 yeah human trafficking human trafficking no 230 2 million children brought from the Bihar in trained lordship here rosehip yes received kindly February shared Lordships the other two Aqs already have been granted the bail by this wonderful courts on Lhasa on loss of at mention it a nh sir All right. We only one distinction if my lord permit honorable court ordered honorable court in advance page 17. Yes, not those were granted because on fortunately they were relatives of the children they were on the Saviour side but unfortunately they were misunderstanding they were named as the actual person. So my brother in law is between with with me it is a 19 years old, which it mentioned in the fire rhoc Roman tree and Roman formula. Allah mage Buddha a man is my brother in law. I am traveling with my brother in law, but unfortunately lordship by some mythical understanding by the police officer, the fiery loads after all traveling together in a lawsuit brought together in a fiery load after today losses. Much of the damage would lead counsel for the applicants nj maanden metalor DPP for the State Council for the applicant submitted that under some misconception the fire was lost. The applicant along with his relatives was traveling with the children. Also, the two workers who are all relatives of the applicant have already been granted bail by this court. Tasha or fellowship one of the orders is filed as it actually see come up which is dated 1112 2020 passed in crma. Number 17857. It applies much obliged. mailing Yes. Much. Much. Yes, please your Lordships. So this is a regular bail application offence under Section 376. d. It is after filing of church a church it has already been filed. This story generated in the FF appears to be highly improbable the complainant lady is aged 55 years and present petitioner is aged 34 years the allegation in the fire is to the effect that in broad daylight at around five in the evening. The complainant was forcibly taken in a rickshaw by the present applicant and co accused in a on a busy road because it is it has happened it in an area which is very crowded area. She alleges that she was taken forcibly in arratia. She was taken from playground area to the residence of the present applicant, and they're the offense of repose committee. Both the present petitioner as well as the complainant, the petitioner is aged 34 years complainant is aged 55 years. Both are having criminal antecedents under the prohibition act. It appears that both are in fact I have NHD orders of prohibition actress's rivalry. And it appears that they were into a relationship and we're also doing business. Therefore, I've NHD orders of going mission act offenses and the orders was there in the lobby against the complainant. I am also having the same offense under the prohibition act two offenses under the prohibition act. I have a next order so far as the complainant is concerned the age of the victim 55 years victim victim Yes. 55 years. 55 years. Yes. Therefore, I'm saying that the story narrated appears to be very improbable. And your launch is may well, it is an efiling gujrati. It is it starting from page 70. These are the video versions done 1000 for the applicant is up for the State Council was the applicant that the applicant has been falsely integrated is submitted that the story as set up by Avaya is highly improbable. It is next submitted that the applicant and the victim both were in the same business. And we're working together. And later on account of some differences. The fire has been launched just last weekend that the age of the patient is 34 years. Whereas that of the victim is 55 years. He's 3455 years old. Granted. I'm grateful. I'm immensely obliged. I may take leave so yes. Mr. Gaston running Yes, yes. Yeah, very nice. Lots of Request lots of SEO Mr. Lohan is your bidding if he can be permitted to be joined loves Mr. Miyagi slap? Yes. So this is a regular bail application after the investigation is completed, we offenses under is under the GST act. Now the broad allegation is malos that me and my son in law will not measure but he's one of the gstr five years goes by will and mullets, this honorable court various coordinate benchmarks we have forwarded all the others have taken the view that even pending investigation will look even if the amount of evasion of taxes beyond five crore. Considering the maximum punishment the bail is granted once the investigation is completed. Now, here mullets, our effects are more interesting acumatica idea, very only one order of the honorable coordinate bench that I would only as your Lordships to consider because this is ultimately an economic offense, which would be a distinct offense then the other offenses, but they're also considering this very fact that the maximum punishment is five years. But considering the nature of in which these transactions are going on my complaint, I'm sure your lawsuit are considered even in the order it is recorded, that in what manner the bills are generated without actual delivery, ITC is claimed, and to what extent it has gone very well. Mr. Devaney, I would be very happy to hear that there is a conviction recorded under these special acts new Act, I understand notes conviction, it is it is very new actors take the matter to logical conclusion, what would you do by giving him in jail you have completed the investigation, raise your demand, recover the amount attaches the judges bank account, do whatever you like. But what is the purpose of giving him in jail? But Don's investigation is over charge it is fine a year in fact, investigation is prior to this actual report by which is thereafter notes taken into custody. But this is a new act but we are still in the entity in the state was in make an endeavor to see that these trials are expected. Yes. And these are registered tribal offenses and meloche. Still today, in this case, no show cause notice by the department given below for the purpose of assessment is issued yet. I'm in jail for more than four months. And I'm 62 years of age Muller suffered only three months last 20 seconds of I'm sorry, but you have three months. Yes, that's completed three months. I'm sorry minutes how high August the last cycle. Lydia three months 330 Yogesh like honey learned Gaussian 1000 for the car to get assisted by Mr. Case and Ronnie. Let's forget the applicant for the state that causes works in accounting for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 22nd. September 2020. It is good that the investigation is complete. And the chargesheet has already been filed. A lot of ages interviewed lots here mullets, the complaint is to be filed on completion of investigation charges while they are not used. These are the complaint they filed a complaint. I'm sorry, mostly internally. I'm not very well versed with all this. Yes, but the only thing is I looked at the five minute normal case. That after completing the investigation complaint has been filed. I says nothing further requires to be found out from the applicant. Realize that based upon two orders of the sports veteran it has been followed to further layers and repairs upon a couple of orders of this court. When the court has held the doctor's complaint is filed. The Case for bail will be made out You know, what happens if you didn't see what the video looks if a lot is find it feed your losses may seem a lot its maximum punishment is it also pointed out that the maximum punishment is five years under the alleged offenses, please like I would like to notice we may leave with your last conclusion. Yes, please make him shake 791 and this is 1920 and then 33 all three similar different 2020 Yeah, because, yes by the applicant was having it, post bang, Grammy posting and your opinion on our visit physeal nine or 20 of IPC. And as per complaint followed during period one, the first January 2016 to 31, December 17th, some seven to 8% are deposited amount roughly 73,000 total, which was he has not taken in the reports and thereby as for comment, he has misappropriated that amount. But now, my lord actually after this complained to them, it is good duty and department inquiries reinitiated all $73 amount is recovered, why not? And there is no any criminal antecedent and that matter is terrible by jmfc. And, actually, yes, so 409 or 10 years imprisonment, being gramming Dr. Miller here collected the 70,000 from the different eight account holders and not deposited with the department legit. Virtually everyone check their content for the applicant NC Mundo metallurgy CP for the state for the applicant pointed out that there are no criminal antecedents of the applicant. The applicant is in jail since 1811 2020. The next time I did that, after the loading of the complaint, the entire amount has been recovered from the salary and views of the applicant. And for the the applicant is already under suspension and facing departmental proceedings. I'm grateful. Yeah, what is the next? It's a offence under Section 307 323. When the complainant has even compared on 15th of October injuries, what I hear is is some injuries on hate, etc. And after two days he has been released and where are the engineers on hate hands and legs? And why not? He after the admission he has released from the hospital and against him himself. There was a complaint filed by Karen white and he in a same way that he is the one who accuses beaten by the present complainant now. Again, financer What are your antecedents? No, I couldn't go antecedent and there is a formula to itself is there. Cyril 133. Our error is from same offense mean same fire. And you're already one point fuses release on bail ins the order edexcel. The way is by having same role, see nasm paid number 19 an extra d minus way the connected matter is 36 or 3333 30. CD my lord I don't know why. He is even Milord for blow on the head of the injured and Milady one of the witness the hotel ah Lordships smoke is below serial number 22 My intent to kill infected dogs reportedly 07 is a preacher's never nearly because hit the market is the precursor Oh yeah, but the force use is very controlled according to Mr. Shaikh and he also inflicted injuries Vega give me orders a nice name this is released on bail one when I lecture de energy will be recorded if we're gonna remember, so Oh my god yeah that was lucky. I have to the mmca 1000 for the applicant actually bundle meta learners if you want the state. Mr. Mehta, you will be getting the degree also, both both muffins. He has taken in since they were connected Rosie's taken instructions. They submitted for the applicants that the applicants have no criminal antecedents and also submitted that the applicant ID Indians is 21st October 2020. This next submitted that the increase was were nice neither grievious nor dangerous to life. The injured was discharged from the hospital within 48 hours. I'm grateful malita. Yes, Mr. Better. Yes, 376 after church a lot of the girl aged 14 years but there is a delay in a fire of three months. And the second thing important thing. There was a dispute between the complainant and the present applicant because the applicant had seen the complainant with another person and regarding that the complaint was also given by the complainant just when lodging the there was an extramarital affair between complaint and another person and subsequently the married also and they will take any all the properties logic, DPS relevant insofar as the allegations against you are concerned. Yes, yes logic. I am coming on that part. The complaint was given by the complaints has been in my favor, which is on page number 22 wherein he has mentioned that I have informed regarding her illicit relations to complainants husband. And therefore these falsify was large. I am the relative of the industrial not clear what you're trying to guess what you're uncovering on there. There was a new logic IMD relating What is the name of the company completing the SEMA ban? All right. Yes. The which way is the husband of the woman? Yes. All right. There was an illicit relation between Sima men and another person, one jignesh by Gianni Laci, subsequently they married also regarding the illicit relation, I informed her husband various Yes. A victim is the daughter of inhibition. See mommy. All right. Yes. And therefore I informed the wish and that's why these fibers launch after three months, there is a delay of three months for the launch and a fire again because I am the relative of the husband and I am informed regarding their relations. So division is not not the Avaya, Avaya cinema yes and division had filed the subsequent complaint against c against jignesh B and C mobbin. That is on page number 21. Now girl is also married with another boy. PAGE 24 I NMC that the invitation card of the marriage and there is nothing regarding the only 14 years of age. At that time. There is old ephyra 2015 a fire was lost. 2015 Yes, yes. who accuse enlarge on bail my brother, small brother because he was doing he was enlarge on bail and I was just now I was a resident or in 2020 your original 20 July Yes. But these because of these dispute, these fr was lost after three months loss against me. Now logic gender date of the incident is our date of incident is not 10 710 seven 2015 and date over fire. Yes, date of fire 910 2015 and Sema when division separated before that, no after that. After that they were separated. There was a relationship between Sema Ben and jignesh. That that Johnny, and the applicant had seen them, right. Yes, that complaint you had made to the race. Please not if they wish to add file subsequently complaint regarding borrowed. You say I was annoyed with you. She was angry with you. She was a Vegas because you had informed about her affair with Denise to her husband, David. Yes, no. Yes. Is that when did you inform the rest prior to this incident or after this incident prior to this incident? Gotcha. So Zimmerman is very judicious when? Before two years back Before we continue, yes, lordship and sutra? Yes, page 21 chymical is the complaint was given by the wish. In 2017. We're in page 22. He has mentioned married logic in it. So this is the only aspect of absconders we would only seriously submitted before a lawsuit that 15 is an offense 19 years copyright statement of statement of father is produced by he confirms that as far as this aspect is concerned. He says that perhaps there is something more than what is the complainant mentioned. The father in fact confirmed respects what my friend is pointing has already given 30 removal borrow 10,000 for the applicant entity that made the binder deputy for the state land Council for the applicant submit that the applicant has no criminal antecedents no criminal, it is progressing period that the applicant is in jail since first July 2020. It is also submitted that the first information report was lost after inordinate delay of three months. without any explanation is also submitted that the complainant, the mother of the victim had a grudge against the applicant, and therefore the false Empire was launched. It was also submitted that the reasons for breach of the complainant against the applicant has subsequently been found true as merited in the petition granted medically not even only bigger. It also submitted that the alleged victim is now married and will now married and settled please applied logic medically not three inch listening. Yes. Miss save. You have not figured out here you neither your video nor your audio are working me record system record will pick up the index case by then this is Mr. v. Jane Joe Schmo. Yes. Unfortunately number 23 Yes, this is regular mail, manner to offense is registered under Section 307 100 fit sparrows while the offense is committed, if at all, as at least in this part of the woman, not because of the grave provocation and not not there is no intention to kill. And there are no ingredients of sexual assault satisfied, what are the injuries for days one injury and the risk the complainant and his brother who is a police person come there, because of his personal reasons and was not in duty at that point of time when he came to the place against him there is some injury on head now, for both of them have been discharged from the hospital after these injuries and these are not such injuries which could have caused this aspect was taken into consideration by noted sessions just below while the bill was granted to other workers that that they have they have been discharged from the hospital However, this aspect was not considered was the present applicant that they have been discharged from the hospital and the injury was not oxygenated blood all of them are friends they know each other there is not a single insinuation or direct direct everman or fact that there was any immunity between them and it was pre mediated to to construct injury debt the person who would have would have died or it would have cost that the homeowner it is unbelievably compulsory that video sound is not attracted but it is a false a fire because the brother of the injured is also a foolish person. Therefore molars inference can be drawn No no, no not direct conclusions that follow some crafty drafting of Mrs. Clinton. Yes, Mr. Mehta. The complainant is injured on the wrist. The victim million dollar will raise brother relatives injured on the neck side mirror and one mirror eyewitness Yogesh is also there we will do the intro thing that the incident has happened and he is having one or two antecedents of prohibition depressant. Please how many of us how many accused? persons are Miller for he's number one, what is the nature of injury? scrub broken fracture any normal knife is a knife taping therefore it is but most, most taping it just a scar and tattoo in a quarter mile. Fighting against hurts regiondo cedar.com for the applicant nc maanden metalor DBP for the state. Not counting for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 2611 2020. The next submitted that the alleged injuries neither grievious nor dangerous lie and assess Dean Williams within three to seven are not made out. There's some good that the applicant has to antecedents but both are of the position that nothing to do with physical violence, bodily violence. We also suggest that while the injured had been discharged from the hospital, within a short time, began to oblige. deeply grateful not only Regular build application after just stash add a lot more errors they don't see nine 2090 on the offense section 293 376 in forensic of the Oxbow era ship is a big deal. In 2019 your lawsuit even one n three a one year and three months has been passed Your Lordship. Their fire was lodged after a period of four months. And there is no external internal injuries. It's my ad is no doctor one year. One welcome. afford it for a full month in judo for September and laundry, dating and lodging on third September 2019. My other copy which I have? No, that's what I want. on page eight. Mr. Devaney, ma the complaint he says that as far as the offense is concerned, it has occurred from 49 2018. And the complaint is lodged on 3d in 2019. When not only Sure, yes, but the second page is not supplied to us knows but the first page is applied the second page with the first part where he says narrates the intention. But as far as delay is concerned, I have an explanation I'll address the losses because he's the father, I found out why he says that the complaint is related, who is the father, the complainant. deliberate as far as delay is concerned, he says that their neighbors Your Lordship would have considered he says they don't account of the incident they have in fact left the house they have shifted to another house, but most he thereafter comes to know that as far as these kind of cases are concerned, the identity of the victim is not disclosed. That is what is explained to him and thereafter Malati then he says that I am aware about this incident I could not file a complaint because I was worried about the future of my child. But then I'm explained that in this kind of cases now the identity will not be disclosed and that is ominous the complaint is filed. Now what is the age of the written? Yes, all the relevant point of time. 16 years sorry, 13 years 13 years now see not against Woodbury yet appreciate your lawsuit there is medical paper also known. If there is no internet, any MediCal waiver machine was the last four months according to your own case. Where is the question of any medical report what medical report will come out and once a year for at the fault of the father of the victim your computer is you give me one reason I have given the reason I've made the stated they then prosecuted and the president aptly named by law. It or Not the prosecutor is the son of the prosecutors Father yelagiri they are not given the money and the car has been done between two parties and therefore they have lost the fall Sapphire. Again the reason yanase even one one year and four months has been passed since he's there she's using genealogy and there is no question of finding the dealership his neighborhood LLC is not drawn for the space and there is no antecedent CLR is having four children. While does you have not mentioned in your affidavit that there was a page five grounds or your lawsuit. Yes, but This is what my friend says just last four lines of either pity for that cannot be a ground for filing a false complaint against this grave a complaint immediately filed if the offense is done by the present application after one year yellow sheets and fatigue, having the family you want a reduction order or an adjournment. Medic was only only only my request, he's in jail since more than one year. Yeah, lots of candy. appreciate this. You get your credit. Lucky on the request breadwinner or the applicant list again on 19th January 2021. Before the appropriate court matters shall not be treated as tied up to this bench emulator. But this along with 27 same EQ same petitioner you will miss NSR native Okay, sorry, Mama said Yo mama say selenium, selenium say mama says Tikka Tikka. Mama say please watch it. Serial Number 24 and 27 minutes both are the regular bill after filing of charges. Yes. If my lords may appreciate this aspect that person knows totally and he knows and boy am loads person lots. One after the another melodious, falsely been implicated up to a transfer warrant. If my Lord's mercy the the contentions of the fire, the allegations are of 379, eight to 279 3048 and 114. If I may take my lords over, Yes, Lord, if my lords may see page number 25, my petition page number 24. Here mirrors it's shown as for antecedents menards out of three mirrors out of the similar nature more than 4223 and 24. If my laws may appreciate this aspect, this was the one after the another lots in undisclosed cases he has been implicated falsely in laws, but if your legitimacy the fire, the contention worked out. Right. Once you catch it he then he tells you what other Yeah. What is his experience? He then he talks about his experience. And that works out on the other guesses and then basically recoveries and everything correct. lacivita right. But for a moment if geologic map, I appreciate the relevant portion of the fire for the moment on page number 14. Last but the fourth line will be one two, I'll be staying inside for some more time. This is 304 Kokila base blockchain was net shared load a live reload on a running bike. Yes, yes, this is the case of prosecution but if your logic may see that what the eyewitness has been of kokilaben says which is on page number 15 of the fire. He says that he has not seen the the ID registration number of a bike. He does not know he is not in a position moving Vegas number. Africa Dr. Yang was a pathetic agony hamara blown away logic running by a guy named in second careers awaited my god it a parade he is ran away from the custody When did you ever get organized by Gavin Watson later on he has been captured will not captured by mirrors be this separate effer under Section 223 and 224 was Lloyd obvious. December January, February Why? Actually mama save the dog for the applicant nc maanden metalor A PP for the state. Let this application be listed again on February 10 February 2021 before the appropriate bench This application will not be treated as title to this page but the most important will be seven I'm obliged Yes, medical even chips I'm obliged next, saline save yes please mileage mileage D visa regular bail application charge it is filed my Lord and the victim is the day Elijah, what is the nature of burn injury or how how much injuries was discharged within 15 days 15 days of hospitalization what is the start now? You have made all attempts to kill her. And declaration is recorded she named him he was he was having some some mental ailments. That is what the victim herself her deeds wife of the cabrach and himself, herself has stated and she has a stated gap. Mara dhania Gao Cody was the escape leg abuse for torture voghera aka hysteretic er after lockdown, he was suffering tremendous mental injury, mental ailment. That does not give you a right or a privilege to burn You're right. That mental drama to software chukwuma do you get the little survey button? no argument there. There is some there is some infirmity in that case. I don't want to point out but only for the moment mullard make. permit him permit him to Muladhara star him and to Malouda phase the melotte he wants to sell the a visa his wife now or he may be permitted to have some valid comments every then please purchase halimun say that the applicant list again can 10th 2021 this has been applications for offenses punishable under sections 363-360-6323. The read with section 1718 of the boxer act with absolute case of false implication was an incident is said to have occurred in the night intervening 28th of November and 29th of November. The complainant is the mother of the alleged victim. She says that we all went off to sleep at 8pm at night and when she woke up at 1230 in the night she found that her daughter was supposed to be sleeping beside her in the same bed inside the house was not found. And she accordingly informed her husband and they went on went outside to look for her at about 230 When they reached the local bus stand there was a rickshaw which was standing there and approaching the rickshaw near when they were when they reached me or the girl stepped out of the rickshaw and the rickshaw driver drew of the rickshaw and ran away. The rickshaw driver is identified by the by the complainant saying that he is a person who is a resident of the same village by the name of vj. On inquiry from the girl she says that at about 1215. The accused came to the house of the of the victim and called her outside proposed marriage whereupon she said that you are already married I cannot marry you. The computer the petitioner dragged her outside the house and made her sit in the ritual which was already standing outside the house. She doesn't shout for help. She doesn't do anything. She sits inside the rickshaw. After that she tries to shout me Upon the petitioner, he said to have Why Why? Why have you noticed? What is the I am a witness against the father of the complainant who has filed a atrocity case in a different in a nearby village and the witness for the defense? What? I'm not even found with the girl, the girl says that the petitioner came to the house at 1215 at night called her outside she goes outside the envelope when the petitioner who is already married in person and will his own his own two children. When he proposes, she says no. And when she's dragged outside now, she doesn't even shout for help. Right beside her, yes. Nikki, thank you. Validity for the state where the applicants admit that the applicant has no criminal antecedents and is in jail since 29. Level 2020. It is next admitted that the prosecutors story is set up is highly improbable is also submitted that within a few hours only the girl was recovered. At the time of the recovery of the girl, the applicant was not there is also submitted that on account of the fact that the applicant is a witness in the case lodged by the father of the victim that the falsify that he had been falsely implicated will grant it granted both laws against the father against the mother by the father, no. defense attorney will be appealing for the defendant and the witness. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, my mistake. may seek my lords leave. Yes. may begin serial number 28. Male application after filing of the charging lady accused, she is not at all named in the file. There was some altercation between two families as there was a lot of marriage and families were unhappy one group, which is the accused group assaulted the other group, the complainant group, because they are known to each other they know each and every person in the initial effort only eight persons are named. Later on improvement is done and now 16 persons are held to be an accused because they've been known to each other It is not a case that they will not know who was when present they are all known to each other so this lady is not even named in the effect and no weapon is shown even after the improvement as far as this lady is concerned. There is no dangerous weapon and charge it is already filed. She's a lady accused my requests will be lost in how many right up now due to various because you know how many died one. How many injured? injured are Lordships I'm not too sure. But only one person died and the complaint family also put pressure on the accused family and one person from the accused family committed suicide. Another effort of 306 filed against the complainant sandwich that fell also Ivory Coast. So it's a case of cross. He is mirrored later on new and named mirrored in the after the seven witnesses are supporting that she was present. She is fish bloggers to be dismissed. see nothing Ravell. 9000 for the African as amended with a lady from the state. Council for the African submitted the applicant is in jail since 31st August will be 20. It is next admitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. It is also submitted that the applicant was not named in the fire, but upon improvements later on. have named was included along with eight other persons. It is also submitted that the no weapon is shown in the at the hands of the applicant. Not any specific injury is said to have been caused by Milgram experiment. Joshua is also fine. I'm just problems may be relevant to us public next Sunday Yes, hello 06 498 A Krishna before your Lordships his husband. Let the matrimonial life is 15 years we have gotten a boy aged about 14 years old at the age of the disease is 40 years for zero. Well, that's the case in nutshell as she was being ill treated by the husband and in laws, we'll have no specific details as to how she was being ill treated for what reason she was ill treated. And at the bottom of the complaint velocity, the complainant says that I am I'm assuming that the applicant before Lordships is having habit of drinking, as well as he appears to have an affair and that could be the probable reason for which she has committed suicide. Apart from the fact that there was an ill treatment meted out on her by the inlaws as well as by the husband. Now there are all general allegations in the firing questions. Only one line where he says he says I came to know that he was having a mild was addicted to six 498 he tested before watch chips his husband who's running this YouTube Well, Mr. Sayed, but tell me what. That is all. I'm somebody that's actually petite janilla called the applicant entry there will be regular editing for the state and county for the applicant submit that the applicant is in jail since 1011 2020. The applicant has no criminal antecedents there's next evident that no ingredients of any abatements of suicide under Section six ATC armacao the applicant and the disease have had a 15 year married life can they have a son aged eight years 1414 years unfortunately indicated reporting options mainly with my lats condition. Please note that you cannot put 379 which is number one as well. Please Mark What did 379 a mother's Chen's name What did what they did for the sister oh please mother at any date mother's missing is not only taken away the chain was co mortgage finance with a deal from me was also not me the the quake is not me minutes that's it no malice by any date in the subject to moderate convenience versus mechanical firefight Yes, my yesterday's metros Captain that has also resulted in a please modern video on the request made by see can lead the applicant listed on Fifth January 2020. She their major minor DVP has appeared for the state Yes, I've long wondered get showed up it was drafted Oh, no, not unless I do not have any criminal antecedent minutes in this matter. Yeah, yes, sir. I had made a statement in this matter that is not your official personal object when it's malleable it's malleable it's yours Yes Yes Thank you Next is me all Joshi password for joining us Mr. Money in five minutes pleasing man so maybe Next is Mr. VO Joshi English is a great debater my wish? My wish is that we are taking the matter of Mr. bhavesh Patel 32. Yes Mr. Patel. Mr. Patel my notes? Yes. The present application is for regular bail in connection with the offense of 323 to 26 504 to 5062. What is the allegation allegation? Are we going to six? Yes, why not? It's about the because of a stick blow the pro victim has the pseudoplastic blown are I and because of it, it has resulted in to the decrease in the visual capacity a steep blow altercation almost vision of permanent loss of vision to the victim pool even loss of vision. Yes. an antecedent homologues antecedents are not total how many injuries on only one injury. There's only one eye and body complaint says that she received fish blows fish blows his blood. And why why did you have to go and beat her is altercation amongst the family members. The complainant happens to be the victim happens to be the aunt of the accused. This is the rivalry in the family. And the complainant says because of there was some dispute regarding the water pump. Virtually three brothers learn calculus, you understand this? Yes oddish Yes, luxurious. Double ADSs. oddish radish already is good for Mr. Ravi Patel Welcome to the applicants as reminder meta learner AVP for the state 1000 for the applicant submits that the applicant is in jail since December 2020. Just further submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. It is next admitted that it was an altercation between family members over a water pump dispute. There was no intention to cause any injury in the eye however, It was by accident that the injuries will cause apart from this head injury, there are no other visual injuries were granted as much nearly as okay there is no she is not come. I said I will now share number 33 Mr. Melon mother has already done this better 34 who is doing what we can do animals and 34 and then 3536 one and then 3730 at the money buy lots, right there is no Mr. Joshi, right. We'll go to the next case. That's a chakra one complaint a complaint, which is this attempt to say this bear with me as we are limited, they are very good complaints. Yes, these are SS nothing remains in this application. Sir, I was granted anticipatory bail white order dated 19, a 2020. Then I then after I was instructed to remain before the investigation officer on 20 992 1020. And one condition was laid down while granting my anticipatory bail. And that was that I had to prefer a regular bail application within a time period of 15 days. But somehow, because one of my relatives expired, I file it after a delay of one or two days. And that my regular bail application was rejected on solely on the count that this is there is a delay of one day. This is a very limited scope wearing this application has been preferred, sir, for regular build. The May I point out the conditions that was imposed, or the direction that was given by the honorable court, Sir, it is it. That is an order dated 19 a 2020. Sir. Page Number 16. I'm on marriage I'm already granted and disability condition number 10.2. Page Number 16. Yes. Right. So in the event of the arrest of the applicant, he shall be released on bail subject to aforesaid conditions. And this order shall remain in force for a period of 15 days from the date of his arrest, to enable the applicant to file application for regular bill in accordance with law. And now there was a delay of one day sir. I was supposed to file an application before 1510 2020. But since there was a death in the family, and I was myself quarantined. I filed the application on 1610 2020 before the district court, sir. And where is that order? Order rejecting is an annexure a page number seven, page number. Page Number 20. Alexa, see nhsc says yes, it has been rejected only on the grounds that been filed beyond period of 15 days from the date of arrest. Yes. Yes. They say what do you say? Oh, that's not correct minutes. He's not pointing out. This is an application number 439. He is not in custody. The Court has said that he is not in custody, how do I access to 39 powers he's in not in custody at all. That is coordinate maintenance relied upon two Supreme Court judgments. I shaded with the learner just that on this point in criminal cases application 13701 or 17. And even the concept of deemed custody of duty custody before court is refused. Enter judgment confirmed in Supreme Court on a similar case will not swear Supreme Court had granted time and he was in delay. The court said that you have to go for exercise of powers under for 39 minutes or 39 says in custody. So therefore whatever may be the facts one day or two days and like in that case, which I'm referring to meloxin before my loss which is confirmed in supreme court judgment of late The vulnerable distance we'll do it we'll launch dated 30th of August 2017. Where this is dealt with in detail, and the POTUS said that for 39 powers can be exercised you go in custody then you can apply your today is not in custody Can you see the adult condition which was granted it he may be dilemma zone facts also use incorrect inferences for Oh, nothing believes korona help many people like him. So it is to his advantage they are working. But whatever that is on facts, as far as this case is concerned if my loss can have 13701 or 70, the judgment which I've shared, my learned finish it if I lost. What I was trying to understand was yes, that there is a very detailed order passed on 19th August 2020. That's right, while disposing off his anticipatory bail application. That's correct. Right. And that order is also passed after hearing learned counsel for the party watchers, correct. Now, he has read out paragraph 10.2 of that order that right. Now, let us understand what this 10.2 condition means, Lordships? I just read it slowly. Yes. In the event of the areas from the applicant, he shall be released on bail, subject to aforesaid conditions call them could be the question of his arrest when there was an underage but we will order this let me just finish this. And this order shall remain in force for a period of 15 days from the date of his arrest, to enable the applicant to file application for regular bail in accordance with law. Now he's shown is listed in this case on 29 920 these are the facts 20 1920. So on 14 area to prefer an application owner for 13 an application or not before 14 1020. Now minutes, application will be under 439. So he preferred under 430. In the order which my learned friend so they can just run through and translate for my daughter, what order page 20 if I lost the relevant portion 2023 and 24 millimeter quote they said that to exercise powers under the code below so for 39 he has to be in custody, right? Only this is there. Now he's not in custody. He's not even before court. So the court says there is no he's not surrendered. Oh, that's what I'm saying is today I'll say riverbend can be entertained. That's what that is the point that can be entertained. That's what the boy that's only Sir, I was supposed to surrender before the investigation officer. He has granted me bail I have provided I have furnished my bail before him. Certainly I've surrendered on 20 992 1020 before the police officer and after furnishing and after providing a bail bond of rupees one lakh rupees I was released under the protective umbrella of anticipatory bail, sir. So you have been released by on personal bond on personal bond as well as a bail bond. My lots of bail surety, I provided a bit of my brother executed a bail bond. And I Oh, yes, sir. Before the IU introduced render on 20 992 1020, sir. And the same day you were released? Yes. On the same day I was released, keeping in mind the anticipatory bail orders. Alright. Now when did you apply? I applied on 1610 2024. regular basis. I'm sorry, I'm sorry to interrupt that is to not be sorry, sir. I'm not able to hear so on 16 1020. you applied before the lower court for under 439? Under 49. Yes. Now that application has been rejected, on which date it has been rejected on 711 2020. On what grounds on the sole Milord. It is referred to as internal page four, which is at page number 23. The only aspect there was that it is it can only be considered to be a deemed custody if it is it was within a period of 15 days. But sales you approach after one day or two days, therefore I'm rejecting the voting method or just one minute, you're still outside or you are in jail. I'm outside, sir. How can you remain outside beyond 15 days from the date of arrest? I'm sorry, my lords. After the court provided in the order or respect paragraph into that in the event of arrest of the applicant he shall be released on bail subject to a foster condition. So you were released on bail subject to a foster condition that his orders have remained in force for a period of 15 days from the date of his arrest, rights enable the applicant to file applications for a good period accordance with law. Now if You would have filed a regular application within 15 days from the date of your arrest and being released on personal bond as for this direction condition, then your adverbial application would have been considered cheating to be to be you to be still in custody, that idiot of custody expired on 15 days, rights rights says just one aspects or two, therefore you have to surrender, go to jail and then apply for bail. That's, that's only my lords in that case. But I'm already released. I'm already protected on marriage chakra that petition was for 14 days. I understand, sir, but you account for 10 days from 29. Can you tell me what is the dead? Sir, the one that order would expire. I agree to this, that there was a delay of one day and on it was on the count that my relate to expired and I was in touch with him. And there was this pandemic situation that was going on. Currently, his orders don't take into consideration all these aspects whether somebody has died or not. I underway so long as you are alive, you have to surrender. My Lords you should have applied for Well, why were you waiting for the last day? Why did not apply for regular? Well, on the second day, it was they did not say that you wait for 15 days on the 15 day you apply for bail? I was it was any smarter use over ledger. You ever done this? One senator apply for regular Bill milords? I'll have waters Liberty from this court. I'll have to seek my lords in that case, can I can I again approach the learned district court? Yes After surrendering after seven years or 39 is not taken away, you have to apply for bail, regular bail and get it the only benefit extended was that for 15 days, you could have remained out and applied for regular bail on that personal bond might not switch you exhausted and you did not. Now the now the ambiguity on my part, that is one ambiguity, sir. Now this offense has been tried the power are being given under 439. So I'll have to surrender before the learned jmfc code learned Aiyo I am not going to advise you on this. That is your problem and you understand what to do. You are the lawyer I'm not a lawyer. I understand sir. But that is the I am or I am a 58 year old person My Lords 58 years 98 years old. You have to follow the law to understand but what will happen is that I'll have to surrender before the year or the learner jmfc code now they don't know now that you do not have powers My Lords and furthermore I've written I've given it on affidavits before the learned District Court that considered kindly consider it that as if I'm in your Diem custody, sir. Before the learned District Court and I was even ready to I will be available before the learner District Court. I have no objection to that I'm not running away from the losses. Contacts. There's a quote from a lawyer and he will advise you what to do and how to get out the same day. You need to if you don't know then you find out as much as they say he will tell you after my last passion order until my lucky I've discovered doggedly acid I'll withdraw with a permit with the liberty that I might get out on the same day sell. Lucky Bye herscherik kitchen was a very well the state in this case. myopia was a pity for the state. How much we mentioned this island senior advocate, assisted by Sheree be in limbo chia learner counsel for the complainant who stopped after Agusan Glen Mr. jacala said that this application will be dismissed as withdrawn leaving it open to the applicant to aware such as a remedy that may be available in accordance law after taking necessary steps as may be required under law. Accordingly this application is rejected with Liberty SP may be less than one thing, sir. What sir? At least some protection may be granted up till then. So don't make this mistake. Again. I'm not going to cover that. What I am requesting is gone merits my I have also filed a caution petition very rule has been issued very well. Excellent case on merits but just you want to stay away you can stay away, my Lord that is not as long as you get and pursue your what for as a police as you possibly can you will be in great difficulty completing things. For instance, in the Maya speaking order intermediate refused. I have appeared I got the copy of the order very well. That is whatever you decide what I'm requesting is just a week for a week's time. I mean, because vacation is coming up and it would be really difficult to read ovations in the district court. I understand that but still it would be really difficult jacala No. Big deal. We may live with your lodge permission. Yes. Mr. Vishal Joshi. 13 one. Now we have this yellow 31. Please monitor. Yes. This is a global before office and the NDP 237 cups record. How many antecedents? Not a single man? Maybe maybe a probation? Maybe the prohibition model. One of prohibition? Only one of revision? Yes but more a year the cops erupts having more codeine 287 voters 100 emeriti. December was required mileage on the vehicle. He must be taking in some pharmacy if I was going shopping, basically or earlier asked him No, no, no, no. Please help me recording. Like you ever heard Shri vo Joshi, the Council on the metal and an APB for the state. That Council for the applicant submitted they are beginning in June since 811 2020. It is next year within that the only previous antecedent of the applicant is of prohibition case. The next time we conduct the recovery made out of cup setups. Bill granted please my lovely mother Malema. Yes. Next, by the way, in Canada, it is a woman that I forwarded one more order of the honorable division bencher in habeas corpus petition in the morning if my lords have got the same. This will be relevant for this petition, Lordships I'm appearing for the original complaint robotic victim, I also send some documents to for the consideration of this case. If it is what have you done? I will send the order. Earlier will be the same your order would be the same a fire in some messages. Along with that. Yes. Yes. Yes. Please Your Lordship. Minor complainant complainant is also a government servant and present applicant is also a government servant Milord. Here the mylot they both are married. They both have love affairs since 2016. My Lord in complaint itself he says that they will have affairs from 2016 and they got married on nine and 2018 eight m that was my Lord. I bet a normal then what is his Avaya Empire is under Section 376 my Lord and there is a point of delays also consider my Lord. There is an incident of pi August 2020. And Empire is large in on 13 August 2020. My Lord, then what is this? Who was he was God was my mother of the complainant has filed a habeas corpus petition before these honorable court My Lord saying that he really didn't know my Lord, as far as she is my wife, my lord. She is but she is not normal or not 199 2018 she has already married with me My Lord. What is the average man out there is a marriage registration certificate is also having but after filing of this application I owe this to my from my counterpart, my lord. And in even the complainant itself says My Lord on page 20 also my Lord, sorry, my lord. Big 19 My Lord page 19. Yes, in in a in a middle person here but Marissa no no what i'm not i'm not a Awkward cut the marriage gorilla della and as always, now what are these orders was in the haters corpus petition? The order dated 26th August 2020. of division Vinci Yes. second paragraph matter to attendee Have a look at, yes, he was mirrored or present his complaint was produced before the learned code below invalid via video conferencing in a breakout room. He had interacted with the honorable division bench she had in in uncategorized terms mirrored here she conveyed that the present conditioner or being a mirror holding a port to PSI in traffic branch is taken certain she admits of having me having married the applicant. No, yes. We had 19 according to her they got married at some point of time thereafter on realizing that the relationship would not continue the options I was to place. Lordships? Yes, yes, I'm sorry. She's, she's admitting new data. Now. Now she's back with her parents. Now he's back with parents and will not be the only one thing if it appears, paragraph three and paragraph four on the order of my lords division. As per the order of dishonorable court, the Empire is lost on a device that will be investigated, but why keep you in jail? Not yet, because of all of what you have to say, this is a this is not that case torture that the marriage was done then after notice they're officially diverse, diverse workplace. In this incident logic has been occur after the divorce has been took place when she was visiting with her parents, she was illegally kidnapped and taken taken to some unknown place such as where she was kept when she was kept in confined versus now thereafter, the registration of these a fire this is this is what the case in the habeas corpus but when the habeas corpus notice paragraph number two, if my loss mechanism that official diagnosis was took place, which was observed and then after this lady does not want to continue any relation. Therefore, no Gypsy was deciding with the parents and then after the up from the house of the parents, she was taken this was this was a very clear observation. So it is not the case that BSc was married, the official divorce was took place she don't want to continue with the relation even though he has taken out illegal many lawsuits and kept in the custody in confinement torture, this is a very clear observation and after registration of the Empire noted this is not the case after registration of paper from the jail notice is a very highly influential person a paid number seven not by my compiler see is continuously giving threat Lordships that you withdraw this complaint state number seven is the other efile or recently registered against this person at page number seven other fr dated 11 December 2020. The entire jail is using phone continuously is giving messages continuously is giving threat by using his position. Milo's mechanism paid number eight the fire. So this is not a simple case. Notice that is just married and it is not the fetlock is the girl or the lady Lordships was end ended up the relationship is very clearly said that either. What is the date of abduction date of the abduction case? I'm not having the first a fire but it might not make any Can you see what probably in the first week of me roburt first week of august then after the mother has made an application before the police station, now police station did not register a fire. Therefore the habeas corpus petition because he picked up August 2020 mentioned at page number 14 of the fire pit October 2020. And then she was released on 26 August yes 26 before the division bench this revision bench observations are more than 164 statement because in a breakout room mynott various details have been shared by the corpus before gender division bench. When the learned trial judge also observed that he is influencing person and threatening the petitioner. The complainant is feminine, that men are not the messages he has done with number two when the message might not I am in jail. Since Eastern November 2020, my Lord, there are any other Empire pile against me My Lord. It is in by an even though my my parent my petition paragraph 13 My Lord, see he has given a position to his parent on highway 2020 and parents parents pilot habeas corpus species are on sixth date 2020 My Lord after taking the position of the girl My Lord no from where was the girl recovered who producer important qualities middle Mother What is the thought is on the custody of the husband or the applicant or the parents or parents later on are proper parents but we don't the present petitioner being a tool he was constantly addressing similar corpus that is what the case might not now I am suspended my lord I am suspended from polish my lord I am since completely finished you are suspended you will lose your job also and you will be convicted also what what do you mean you continue to stay inside for some more time my lord if your lordship not convinced my liberty to pile up to chapter eight my law hi Do you want that I can do permit you to do that or I can direct this model to come up in February oblige my notice in February my lord look at my hurts he doesn't have a look out for the applicant, shaman and meta learner DPP for the state that also are getting for the complainant. Let this better be listed again on 17th of may 2021 before the appropriate code shall not be treated as tied up to this bench and may be permitted to do whatever you like in the meantime please please and deeply with my permission yes yes yes. Male you might not have will call but Shani bublish sort of chanted please your guys whichever Danny you're not. He will 6506 and one one for your present applicant number one is the father of applicant number two complainants daughter had married widow present applicant. So I'm sorry complainants and had been married with the present applicant doctor before four years ago during their marriage funding having a one daughter, but anyhow, then marriage that life was not going to go. So for settlement. Though components are present applicants has called to some of the so near serpent your your son in law has committed suicide? No. Yes, my son in law has committed suicide before two months ago. What are learned causes for the applicant and Sriman then Metallica, DBP for the state. The applicants are in jail since fourth of December 2020. kamati, submitted vilanterol for the applicant at their local antecedents. It is next submitted that they're doing videos of Section 306 IPC in any manner rebutting the suicide, comforted by the sound of the complainant. The applicants have been falsely implicated. Granted, I may be permitted to do yes. The way after catching the illegal offenses under Section 377 and 511 and title 820 18 docupop. For now, before I go to the medicine God, though the complaint is under Section 377 de Chartres is doing fine. Under Section 376. And there it is. It has been stated that it was an attempt only in the Catholic. No, the allegation is that you've sexually exploited the son of the complainant. Yeah, get it get is what the casualties under Section 376 376. Here's my thing. How many casualties file under 370 feet must be some mistake. No. also discuss discuss how the fight against mildews is only against a woman? No doesn't mean that is what I said. Let me read ibcs they're running by also Ollie and Tasha McCarthy savvy. But there are a lot of things the honorable it is going vernacular but there are a lot of things the honorable court has observed against the investigating officer molars. In fact, there are three paragraphs very discusses that how in what direction the investigation was required to be done, and in an utmost Dewey's why officer matters, but often the code below is considered that the investigation is absolutely hopeless, that is what he has absorbed. Even the enroll fall is not recovered, which is likely to have been thrown to the point and there is no medical evidence. The only thing it will alter the statement under Section 154 Why have you been falsely implicated apology to myself otherwise known the complaint is given after the complaint was the complainant face nerd get on phone 949 2020 the complaint is filed. When he says before my son I say something on the left side. Therefore an illegal in DC the village council for the applicant. Actually the DPP for the state led Council for the applicant submitted that the statement that the applicant is in Jameson seven nine would be guilty that the applicant has no criminal antecedents. Further that it is a case of section at only as stated by the victim in this statement under Section 164 crpc. So there's a button that the applicant has been falsely implicated on account of business revenue. Grant of length May I do? Yes. Milo died. Yes. Here, the open dishes regular bail application while the offenses under Section 498 a 306 114 of IPC mail, the petitioner his mother in law, my third general allegation against husband, sister in law and Milord, present petitioner regarding causing harrassment and might not he was not liked by them. Well, that is the allegation and there is no specific demand of dowry. However, there is allegation that they were also posing, might not torture by his she has no brain. She She did not bring enough doubting that is the only allegation. And the Milo does is In law has been enlarged on my load, anticipatory pain if you please. Judge Shri pmda. advocate for Sri Michel r&g well and comes with the applicants. Injury damage, they've done a degree before the State Council for the applicant submitted that the applicant is in jail since 912 2020. She's a mother in law. Yes. Milo's. The applicant has no criminal antecedents that she's the mother in law because he was admitted that the applicant had no role to play in any kind of equipment. As the list submitted that other co accused sister in law, the deceased has been granted anticipatory bail. Replace nuclear. I'm leaving. I'm leaving the meeting. Please. Mr. Mayor is an adamant that Yeah, I better you. Yes. achieved and the days of about 64 years, the fire was registered on 25th September 2020. Under the offenses of 406-420-4091 25 zero. What is the allegation against you? Also on to the logging of that, there is no direct allegation against me, I am just the father in law of the accused number one. And according to the informant himself, he has mentioned in the FBI that when the accused number one took the informant to his shop, he introduced me saying that I am the father in law and that when I am traveling for business work, my father in law, when it came to matter, what is his money, my car, seven corrode and 89 lakhs boats have been purchased by Chris number one in total, right, those amount has not been repaid. The present recovery of your amount and determine the presence of directors number three impotent visionaries equals number for the amount some of the transactions were done below. Therefore, he was present and similar similar kind of modus operandi, he is not facing the one prosecution of 2020 same allegations. There is one decision there is one antecedent of similar in nature and the main activities, it is not traceable, that is email or funny look is not visible, is not traceable, is perhaps in Nepal. And he is the father in law doesn't finish that his father in law, his number his presence have been shown at the place. Yes, and in His presence. Some of the transactions were done but total amount involved is mirrored seven crore and 89 lakhs, but the main transaction is between the one who has not been arrested, Lordships losses there is no privity of contract between me and the informant rules of the Oregon but I have a nice model. See the anatomy also for the applicant for the state also blanked out One of the applicants admitted that the applicant is in jail since 2711 2020. It is further submitted that the applicant has been falsely indicated only because his father in law of the alleged mean accused, who is said to have entered into commercial transactions with the complainant. The only role of the applicant as stated in the advisory the being present at the place of at the time of transaction. The last is I'm looking at the applicant there's no direct contract is not in direct contract with the complainant granted this was my lords permission. Yes. It is as good as it Mr. Mehta is number 40 100,001. style. and gentlemen for a January no objection on the request made on behalf of three pages, borrow 100,000 for the applicant list on eighth January 2021. Reminder metal and County deputies present for the state before the appropriate for convenience. Now, what are these serial number 41. We will finish this board and then break for lunch. Yes, sir. We have three brothers that is what is this? usually known. For I split my order Miller I have a video stating that I have an order saying to please no to less by view any estimator. I have any statements notice that the formula on first August is 14,000. On account of not spent of the complainant, Mr. Sushil goombay. Adela given that this was kept only because if a lawsuit like this was kept only today for the purpose of verification whether to do legs, he says is paid by rtgs. Nine legacy CDs paid by cash for that purpose. It was not yesterday's material that I wanted to see that prove they're here actually read it or not notice it since I don't have a copy because I'm only reminding your Lordships that this for this is my audit records that show documents how the amount greater than the account of the applicant was returned to the complaint by rtgs. Liquid you heard shall metal and prosper the applicant tension that will be violated APB for the state. Also on 2212 2020 the following order was passport completed. Today, an affidavit has been filed by the African given details about the transactions and the amount being created in the account of the complainant. bank statement is also an X Council for the applicant submitted that the amount having been substantially returned when the fire has been launched only to claim interest from the applicant. That is amplitude of nine years. And that's what a delay of nine years is granted, this bet we will. Mr. Mr. Take you Yes. Now we have Mr. mayank Chara but this is a case of eyewitness but my friend had pointed out that there were two cross complaints 312 is the offense which is registered for me is seeking bail. The Case of the prosecution is that there is an eyewitness and he is given a blow on the head of the body of the deceased. But my friend pointed out that there are two subsequent complaints against each other and there was stone pelting for which your Lord said engineer today, my friend to place on record those to complain to those miners. I have supplied the copy to my learned, friend, Mr. Chairman, Chairman, as well as myself supplied the copy to watsa to Mr. ratify. Yes. Have you seen there are two complaints. One is a subsequent complaint from this side. And again, a complaint 314 from the side of the president accused regarding the same transaction same incident in Yes, my continuation. It is in continuation continuation. Well, isn't it was the same. Pursuant to order dated 22 2020 chemin Ciara has placed on the court the copies of the FIA number 3131314. Number A copy of the same has been provided to see permit to learn a pp. Tip. next paragraph. Firstly, Chara actually the next 1000 for the applicant submitted that the applicant is is in jail since 16th of may 2012. It is further submitted that the applicant has no criminal antecedents not wanting to turn 16 on another autism date which is all for him. NEC submitted that in fact it was a free fight between the parties and cross wires were registered in which injuries were caused on both sides. knows the one side it also submitted that the injury said to have been caused on the head is by even further there is no bloodstains final statement on bail granted. Yes. I we are also thankful that the oil is streaming to you and yet also be seen by many of our colleagues. Yes, we are thankful my words. of like man, Kelly Williams. Yes. Okay. My Lords Yes. What is this? Yes, Mr. Chaudhary comme Chaudhary is a senior counsel is appearing with nilotica accept him. Yes, Mr. Rogers. Well, I have been in custody now. Initially when I was arrested in this case, we have no there was no evidence on the statement of a caucused Murat we are running short of time today is the last day on already luxurious on to Debian base to assemble, please. So I will fix a date whatever you want. Me Manasa and they can consider granting me a short term bail. I've been granted bail by the other online opening they will have convenient opening day. Yes. Please give us a look at our word legends and all I give you like one I know it's another article. New York Times the judges pass much better orders when they've had snacks. We'll have it on that. You heard sitting with them to agree along with them Pandian sivakasi then senior counsel from Delhi, Bombay, and Delhi, Delhi, Delhi attending devices lead counsel for the applicants as imitatia mean the republic prosecutor for the state due to paucity of time, the matter cannot we cannot be here today. Let it be listed on the reopening day after winter vacations, that is for January 2021 before the appropriate court matters shall not be treated by the police. Thank you Ron. With your pleasure it already had lifted Should I leave at 230 knots will behave we have the other matters in case you are appearing in those letters then, no matter which today is not even joined the Pl 42. In some delivery orders of the court will be here at 230. Right? Yes, which one do you have? permission to leave it honorable court as I am not my lords. 

