kalevala mutter my hair just swish Jackie Shah has steadily gone head to one time Carmen turned away and King Kong one time Yes Mr. Doe Will you please manner opinions about Mr. Khan one tiny would be in the waiting the London government Peter will also be there no manners demand is not there is there anyone and the union is being shifted to another court minutes without permission of the court set up who has enjoyed a very Happy New Year at the outset. But endeavoring to give everybody a sense of Oh my god, no, no, you cannot change it with not without our permission in the court. My brother has not been consulted with shipping. We ensure that that nice way comes back to give everybody an opportunity to address your Lordships fair enough. But we should have been informed otherwise we get disturbed apologize. I apologize. In the event your Lordships are still feel that we need to get more assistance will ensure that that image comes back what Mr. Anthony is not here and we cannot see him on the waiting room. And let's just verify I also sent a link to him. Mr. Sp much Buddha is their shadow is their Lordships who is was appearing with you in the secret? No. Nobody for the private respondent but for state Mr. Just one shower was appearing. Mr. JK Shah Yes. She will make a note of this notch In view of the above the repetition of the state has no fate except to be dismissed as having been acquitted. It is accordingly dismissed the dual discharge interim relief, if any stands vacated, in view of the dismissal of the main petition pending applications is any also stand disposed off? I believe this is an order passing Ulc proceedings. Yes, it is may request for a stay for a short period in the event melotte be proposed to challenge it. I'm not aware of the quantum of the land even the 6000 square meters which has been declared surplus by the appellate authority also will have to go back but this is there is no challenge to that therefore, I could not have released otherwise, everything goes back to the ticket holder. Very pleased. I'm grateful. Today is 20. ever came back? I believe. Yes. Thank you. Okay. Now we have the first matter on the court board. Mr. h es mon shop. Chairman. Mr. Davi had resigned and he joined. He has he has had requested him to leave the courtroom and come back once again miles. Under what name has rejoined Panama Anthony Menotti, his name is Conway Montana. I don't find him there. He's not there. Let me check once again. My Lead mechanic Give me a minute. Now in this one for someone shows better the status of hearing. Good I don't have a copy of it. My colleague will have gentlemen. Audio hadeland will appear Yes, we're someone's I wanted this. But someone saw collective audio for Mr. Mayor, as well as Baroque. Would you buy Mr. militia there is a problem with his audio connection. Justice Mr. Matura you will again is Mr. Davi you have no role to play. unmute your mic. You don't have any role to play. Normally, you don't have any role to play. I was just talking to Mr. mancia manners and requested him to join. His name appears just off his video and that's what I indicated to him somewhere else. Yes, well, now he is. Over time. Most of your burnout has come. What is this one shot doing? like each other? I can go by like I'm here. There was a problem or your problem with your massage. I don't know what we are. I'm a criminal. I'm not aware that I am at number one. My learned and learned a GPS told me. Secondly, there was some audio problem. So I just went off for just hearing the issue. Okay, so you're now on the first row. Now I'm in the office. Now. Very good. What are you what is this matter? My name is not where matter is not with me. I'm not the first case. Not I will. I'm also surprised. You're also surprised. I request for tomorrow. For tomorrow. Yes. There is an order dated 22nd. October. Yes. Which was passed on application for direction moved by the respondent number one. Yes. And we are declined to vacate the interim order. Yes. And let's fix this matter in the top 10 cases for today. No, it is not not. Not I am not in receipt. My I'm hearing only one metal before my lords 24 requests for tomorrow or any day. Where are you? You are also not showing up? Will you please switch on your video and your audio? I think in two weeks more people and whatnot. How to operate out to operate. Yes. And we can still not see you Mr. moja. We can only see a lot of dump of papers on your table that's on. Not now everything has been adjusted. Now might not be is visible finally is down sometimes he was not a good to be very frank there was some audio problems. My son, I went to my son for his assistance as my Lord is absorbed that isn't true is everything is forgotten. Yes, some technical issue was just I went to my son has left the courtroom. I think he will be joining again let me see very Mr. barotse Pucci, I write it chili. Yes. Ask him to come back immediately. Or we will again we have an agenda in this matter for next week to tell him. Mousavi is better next week because maybe one day after the exam difficult to get the list and even have it on December. On first Second December. I'd like the next witness on the request made by Shree HS don't shop learner counsel for the appellant let this appeal be listed for final disposal in the top 10 cases on second December 2020. Right now. Thank you. Yes, Mr. dg Shukla Did you should Did you should place defection law Mr. Mr. dg Supra Dr. Mike. Yes, there is a delay of 89 days and 90 days not in preferring the latest payment. Okay. No problem. You tell us what is the logic? You don't hear the facts well that the respondent employee was appointed as a daily wager. And he won for about one and a half year. And as there was no work and as the contract was coming to an end that was not extended by the respondent University. The first letter we're not appointing is at page 54 of the paper book FIFO. Very Milady, it is clearly mentioned that he is appointed as rhodium bar with effect from 15 619 91 for two months. On page 54, of the paper book. Then, prior to that, there is another letter bill. I'm sorry, but this is the type of the last one that thereafter, after about two years, in 93. He services because since it was not extended, he raised the industrial dispute about his termination, which came to be referred to the labor court and Labor Board said that even though he was a daily wager, but these amounts to termination, and therefore, he should have been reinstated in the services similar that what came to be passed in 2004. So all throughout from 93 to 2004 for about 11 years, he was not in the employment, but then after him got University reinstated him in the services now. Now, now the issue is with regard to the regularization in the services making impermanent Yes. So why would you not make it permanent? No, not the award that is being passed by the local labor court is that on completion of 240 days, that is in the year 91 million he came to be joined for in 90 days thereafter, he was not in the services. His charter of demands will not the demand which has been raised by him before the labor court will not there the references made in 2006. In 2006, below, he prays that he should be made permanent with effect from 93. That is what will not be the one which has been passed by the labor court say so not awarded the award of the Labor Code of 2004 on the basis of which you have reappointed him No, it was that he should be reinstated on his original post there was no continue to grant it. So, as a daily wager may not be appointed him and that later on what is it 856 watch it come to para 1.1 thinking judgment logics, we would like to put few questions to watch Of course, now, it is not in dispute that you appointed him as a pump operator come electrician in the year 1991 right. That is the letter which I showed to my daughters will not. Now, second question why he had to go for a reference in the year 1993 because you terminated his services Yes, remember, he was appointed on contract basis that contract will just continue he was discontinued right? Lordships, Lordships, then there was an order of reinstatement, Lordships logic, that is what I'm submitting, in which year this order of reinstatement came to me past 2004 2004 right. Now, read the last three lines in para 1.1 the response payment continued to render service for nearly 15 years after the order of reinstatement correct. Not bad, I would bet after 15 years, it was not true, but it is not factually correct. Because he is also in danger of superannuation on 31 we will not go into the issue of factually correct or incorrect because there are concurrent findings against you. Now, we would like to understand from you Mr. Shukla, watch it after putting in 15 years of service from the date of honor of reinstatement you once again terminated the services No no, no. No, he then need second references for the purpose of regularization of service applies right. Now, now, tell us did you challenge this earlier order of reference passed by the labor code? No, no, no he was taken into service as it elevated accepted it Lordships Lordships report, therefore, we need to proceed on the footing that the man has worked for more than 15 years. Now, now, time has come for you to consider that having put in more than 15 years of service on the post of pump operator comm electrician, why should he not be regularized in service? In this scenario, factual scenario, come to paragraph two L of the impian judgment and read I'm requesting also I've also request My Lords to come to that only because that is the only finding will not penetrate You ready? Page l Yeah, already lots of in the instant case, this court is the opinion that the appointment of the present respondent cannot be termed as illegal, ongoing by the state decision. Now stop here stop the bloodshed, let us for the time being proceed on the footing that his initial appointment itself was not legal illegal. But the fact remains that he continued in service for more than 15 years. When when time has come for you to consider regularization, should you now argue that his initial appointment itself was illegal without my submission is different but not now. Now read further watch how much of this is important like the respondent had requisite qualification at the time of his appointment, though there was no sanction post of pump operator communication so there was no such post. Watching, however, the post of electrician continued to be there as a sanction post. Assuming that the requisite qualification the post of electrician was of having certificate in idi the respondent had contained necessary qualifications required for sanction post all along. Even otherwise. Upon looking at the chronology of the facts and circumstances the court is opinion that in the matter on hand, there are very gross facts where continuation in service employment was by virtue of labor court's order after having after having Discharge the duties for one and a half year. That two reinstatement order could have been challenged by the petitioner. Though the petitioner was seriously aggrieved as portrayed idea. Instead, it has implemented the judgment and the award of the tribunal had given fresh appointment to the respondent on the poster pump operator communication. So this is not important. It was given the appointment, which I was taking my lords without to page 56 that is the fresh appointment given that the longer we do run it. By virtue of that Mr. Vu, the respondent admittedly had discharged his duties diligently and without any complaint in such circumstances the labor court in the subsequent reference it number 183 of 2012. Because that reference, the number was good in 2012 has taken a stand of making impermanent without even fostering much monetary liability upon the petitioner University resiliently. This court finds no reason to entertain this petition. The petition is rejected Mr. Shukla, Lordships if the labor code has passed an award of reinstatement in service lodges, and if you have not thought of it, to challenge it. And once once you give effect to that order of reinstatement, the continuous in service would automatically follow in certain circumstances, how do you say that? For the purpose of reinstatement, the appointment was a pressure point. That's the shock very much of the reinstatement was without continuty in service and therefore not tolerable. Once you are rejected, you are inserted on the original post. There is no fresh appointment involved. Without continued continuity, unless not given otherwise. You know, I'm sorry, that labor court does specifically says that whether or not really salaita or not below that is with continued or without any difference? No, me not it would because by submission would be that? Well, if he's working as a daily wager, here he was as a daily wager. So when he was reinstated, he was also reinstated as a daily wage. There was no sanction post without that is what the learned judge also observes that labor costs simulate what completes the error if the allowable entry permit will not be sufficient to come to page 32. PAGE 32. Below, which is the operative part where the learned code says that on completion of 240 days, it should be made permanent below. The reference is made Milan in Mr. Xu 2006. He is retired from service last year, he is retired on 38 of 2018. Before two years, more than two years. Anybody we get of service where we're at? That is affecting a lot. I think the grant comes from the government. And secondly, the labor judgment says that on completion of 240 days without the Supreme Court My Lords are relevant that has said that simply on completion of 240 days of service from that day, were not if my not the kindly will not permit me to refer to page 32 if the honorable court was what is the direction of labor and that is when are upheld by the honorable, the largest single judge those 32,004 Labor Code award is an English opportunity. And the 2000 last award second Oh as the post award operative portion of the first of all, we know it is not on record, but I had a certified copy with me read the operative question, why are we not an exit since I'm forbid I came in just at the end at the time of LPA. So when the petition was preferred, it was not so weird. In fact, I was to pray for the production of the documents but since this was done before the lockdown, and immediately there was lockdown, and therefore now it is for the first time coming up without the operative part which I have with me not a certified copy with me. Week says listen to me. I did that great Kumar. They wanted two points on that make the process you need a pump operator still. You appointed him. Yes, no The explanation was you really require somebody wants to set up a property and because he maintained it, he is a technical man who understands the yes operator just read the operative portion. Gotcha. Read that get it Kumar h laowa yellow law reference LCA number transfer chirashi oblique chrollo concetto mangiare carbamide. He wrote that references partly allow sama sama when I read the de tendinopathy una mujer gay Padilla Rudra pagar Vina who knows happy karma hukum karma Malaysia. So, he used to be reinstated on his original post without any back wages ever there is no continuity in service without labor court without a word labor No, it always says below can latini salam does have a good karma here it is not used with that word is not there because he wasn't really vicious. So labor court and say that he should be reinstated on his original post when he came to be relieved he will be moderated the on completion of that contract will not he was it was not continued. So, labor court has specifically will not move is of the opinion that processor daily wages which includes that there was continuity otherwise the labor code would not have said about back wages. No, not because back wages because since he was a daily wager, and there was no continuity as required. He was appointed. That's all now read the operating portion of the second award. Lots of page 32 Okay, come on, no reference uncertain hemangiopericytoma regime that is partly allowed on a proton boxcar standard, he will come check a shriek read h bearberry on a Bosu Chalice naevus kurata at pump operator the reagan a tiny la casa de Tomic. So, he is to be made permanent, his pump operator on completion of 240 days initially was in 1991 Wait Wait, wait, wait wait. Read the second paragraph, gotcha image tiny tiny tality that is the from the date of permanency of orthotics to the know what somebody knows no. So, intervening period may not know benefits are granted and it cannot directly ever tonics leaders are Magana open up a lab okay areas wherever donation for more here wages is to be given Alright, Lordships in my response to submission, rather honorable Supreme Court decisions over to the effect that immediately on completion of 240 days, a person cannot be made permanent other factors are to be looked into whether there is any back end post secondary whether the advertisement was issued. Simply he was a daily wager and he was continued were not at the most he may be entitled for graduated because if he has continuously worked for more than five years, he will be entitled to it that will be paid. But here the question is of payment of pension and other benefits. That's all the permanent employee because we're not the learned judgment. There's not a single we're also not in para 11 Milan what my lords Justice Party Allah informed me to read para 12 but para 11 is also important when the honorable court will not relax upon two judgments, which is our favorite will not in this stage will if I may be permitted to refer to para 11. Yes, sir, the law of logic at this stage reference needs to be made of the decision sought to be relied on by the petitioner in case of state of Karnataka versus so and so, when the court directed that in case of public employment and over appointments pending for a long time cannot be ordered to be realized. It is reiterated the law laid down in case of Mr. Dimitry to say that regularization is not permissible where initial recruitment itself is illegal, and contrary to the finding recorded by the single judges that the appointment was not illegal and will not apply although the learned single judge has referred to these two judgments which may be helpful to you. But you see, the finding recorded in paragraph 12 support holds the learned single that holds that the appointment cannot be termed as illegal. Now, what is wrong with this finding? Because the labor directed what he said when you accepted the reinstatement itself will include the defendant only How can you say it isn't a daily video? Because since it was a daily video on the same post, and just on a dead time Milad to see that he is absorbed as a daily wizard because they're after twice there was a recruitment he was offered the he was called for the interview, but he was not selected. So we're not easy he would have been Ed whereas all these being discussed by the labor code, did you raise this issue? Yes, yes. It is discussed it is discussed below. We will the single guys the lead judge Labor has dealt with this aspect. Before the CBl where was this point argued that twice elections were held and he was invited to appear in the test He appeared and failed or he did not Lordships up page I better seven someone else also must have appeared in the interview. Many many others are selected. Fine. Now therefore, you've come back to parrot well again. Now, prima facie it could be said against you that you adopted a very unfair labor practice Why? If you have a sanction post of electrician and you don't fill up that sanction first and you continue with a temporary appointment for years together, will it not amount to unfair labor practice? No, no no no what prevented you what stopped you from filling up this post on regular basis? It is filled in Milan it is filled in it is filled in on a regular basis. Can you see a little bit Wait a minute, can you answer one question? It is not for how many posts of electrician are there on the setup. Know that I will have to find one one post a sanction post which you never bothered to fill it up on regular basis and you continue with this man for years together. We're not here to be appointed as a pump operator or not as electrician below the operative part in the past it is electrician to be made permanent without haste to be made permanent knowledge after discussing all the other aspects is there is to be made permanent as a operate pump operator, not electrician also, it pays 3200 that is what I read. Base 32 it says that massage Alice Davis buratti the pump operator the regular Tammy levels, even not as an electrician what my lords have said below and the interviews they were held prior to 2004 Why are you raising that point? How is that 2003 the award of the labor code is 2004. He was reinstated after that you never I told you I didn't want interviews after 2004 and English he had failed me not know because we had to give him opportunity. We gave him opportunity so that he can be was indeed my employer was already not working with you. He was not working with you, since this case was pending, and to see that this can be accommodated will be given the opportunity that your employer was very generous and very thoughtful about any they wanted to give him an employment before the employee is at the university without a job. And that his salary was paid by way of grant. It goes by we have grant for be part of the central government partly from listen and no point of the government raised this issue no. And it kept on paying the salary also referred for daily wages will order as per the requirement or because of some temporary nature of work. When there is some expansion going on. The government could have asked you to fill up the post on regular basis by following due process of law with the government never the appointment, government continued to pay the salary. And you received it by way of grant and you pay the minute they pay salary of the regular employees and the benefit of pension that comes directly from that. But for daily wages will not they will have to manage or maintain from the internal sources like the fees or some donations which they may be receiving. But you didn't answer the question was to show clear that if you have a sanction post of electrician on your establishment, why did you not take steps to fill it up? Why are you allowed to continue in service? I'm sorry, Mirada, the post was filled in, but since it was more than that, which was not sanctioned, that is what is clearly observed by both the alert labor that is alerted tribunal as well as the valid signature that it was there was no sanction post of electrician come pump operator, right here the direction as pump operator, legal. counsel for the appellant be like and don't appeal dismissed. Yes, yes. Thank you. And thank you to my lords. Who likes Miss morini shine. taking a shower Mr. responsa. done already. Mr. Misha, and there is one Mr. masoom sharp? Yeah. I assume would appear manner, which was so masamune Why don't they enter to the right name. It's a shovel pay five. Mr. Muslim Shah. Now the petition is filed in the name of Miss Mahoney Shah and Mr. Vishwas. Shah. Why is Mr. Vishwas no enter entered in his own name. So the only thing in the entire list to call Mr. Bashar Assad is not there. So maybe this was a Muslim soccer going on. We went to Delhi I went to edit profile. It is very It is only 60 Muslim Sha I'm sorry, are Nazis many. Why is 60 there you are 1964 or you're 60 years old. Or today is the six year day Why not? Last time? I think my item number was 60. I corrected I said three comma 20, which was a Muslim said that's what I think my profile was not edited properly in the morning, it seems I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We'll look at a different ID for Mr. Which was a different ID for Mr. Masuda through the council who is on record Lordships otherwise 10,000 rupees fine notes. But what is the matter? Not since this is a matter which was a income arising out of a lava suit, wearing different defendants in earlier upload your Lordships and your losses have protected them at page number 86 merger whether a multi state or bank can approach them to federal state corporate is yes page number 86 under different knows the CMS so this is not a different same suit. Other defendant said uploaded page number 86. Same model. Yes. Lydia, right. We are worth three massage. Ah actually wish Russia learn counsel for the petitioner. Connect with special civil application number 12371 of 2020. Asked about page 86 page order. Paragraph one words over the years 25 lemon liquor were January because that meant it is the standard item number 75. I'm just finding it. Right. Right. And one more request your Lordships? Yes. Nays one, amendment five, because there was some incorrect date mentioned in the paragraph number one, if you're locked into the amendment, an amendment can be allowed. That is first the first amendment I Nev Barbera. earlier. I said not one more request your notes if I'm just pointing it out. Item number 20. And 21 is for a different module. I will I may wait or it may be taken up as for your loss of convenience. You will wait. I will read your losses and review. And I'll be grateful. They are fresh matters. Yes, they are fresh matters. You'll notice and you want to save other days when one different angle another similar order. Is there. One different angle is an indictment or otherwise much of a challenge. Okay, later on. I'm leaving. I'm leaving right now. You're not logging properly next time? I'm sorry. Secondary. Whoa, a lot of chances of getting this Mr. vs. Patel, then Mr. Depend they say Mr. Different they say Mr. Prakash, what is this? Only Mr. Anyone else? in this matter, it's just Mr. dependency and Mr. bfbs Patel is on the stage please might as well just please What are these matters? The metal potential elixir of apmc butcher Raji the lead singer displeased by Peterson or suppose kind of credibility and Lord Sybil directed this audience should be included in the water fleet, but our votes will be kept separately and no counting should take place. That is a perfect order. It has been passed by that is the order dated as of September 2020. Yes, let's do it. On a similar issue, yes, my lords have admitted another matter and not granted and remove that order. Do the PMC Mr. Joshi appear identical same issue 45 page order I have I sent it to the postmaster I have another issue of the same issue another LP a group of matters I have filed I was taught circulation there off. But there are some objections which I will be removing the normal court setting first thing with objections is identical issue there are 810 LPs also pending their file. The current status of the matter is if my lords recollect election to apmc melotte there are various categories, you have the agricultural category marketing society category traders constituency category. So far as marketing constituency and traders constituencies concern result is declared the main chunk from section 11 one relates a lot to this agriculture is constituency where elections are held water kept in a sealed cover, but we have not declared the results. The managing committee is not constituted we yet have to undertake the counting but since my lord said keep it in a sealed cover we've kept a Genesee but in the order will not in the order. The honorable court said this issue we will examine, but you proceed with the election and let his results also be declared positive. Yes, yes, yes. Also, Mr. Patel, I'm nice to be able to be mentioned and don't come to election visitors. So, we will direct for declaration of result and we'll fix this, but also for hearing, I would appreciate Milan there are at least two other groups which need to be ORed with this and or it would be subject to when we declared we will make it known that it could all be subject to the same material, what do you say? How would you go by redeploy, the metric can be heard at any point of time, wherever is covered. And in the meantime, the results were declared kept in a sea cover for the present, we don't include assignments or will not include them why you did not my lords did not include no ID in that case, they put the different Their names were there they voted by Deborah, what did the what now it has to be calculated that would have been allowed to remain. So, it can be calculated separately separately, and ultimately, if you succeed, we will see what is to be done, the cells will have to be modified if it's Yes, at present, their imports may not be content that is what we are requesting this is a finish a piece gets allowed should i subuser is that let there be a calculation in place before it makes any difference there or like in any case, not in any case, all these matters will have to be grouped. All these matters will have to be heard extensively. There's just one me just read paragraph six of our order. LPs 685. Yes, dated 13th, October 2020. That was that was a case where all throughout they were included in the water system I floss is recollect I had sought similar treatment to Mr. Patel's this matter, I said in in this matter logics have said that votes to be counted separately not to be included, not to be considered for the purpose of counting, whereas in these last two are lots of said permitted them to count. And after counting declared the result, the court said there is a difference because in this matter of 685, the detailed order, they were there from the first place itself. They were included from the first list itself. I was seeking exclusion, whereas Mr. For testflight was not there from the first list. Second list, yes, firstly, you're detained by the authorized officer. And by the order of the court. He's seeking inclusion. Therefore courses The court will have to hear only after hearing Finally, the court will decide whether to consider them finally or not. Whereas in that case, if they were there, I was seeking exclusion from the court what said it would amount to Allah interpretation in that case, if the quotes are not counted, because they were there in the first place, I file objections, my objections are rejected against which I came to the honorable court. So, I move on civil application, which was the force of last time I said let there be a counting book basepair vote will be counted separately can be placed before the court order, the court said Mr. Porter, we are hearing your matter. So, my method, Mr. Patel, for the purpose of declaration of the result, if we permit key books, which are separately kept in a sealed cover to be counted, nothing remains in the litigation that would be the end of the entire litigation. Now, this is my service. This is the managing committee will also be constituted accordingly. Therefore, the suggestion, which appears to be quite reasonable, that don't touch those votes, which are kept separately in a sealed cover declared the result as it is subject to the final outcome of this litigation. So at least the society will have a managing committee to function PMC operating for the entire Bay Area. My suspicion is only this that Let both the votes be counted. And let me place people the honorable quality break makes any difference, then we will at least be honorable. I don't say the result I say this because you're not caught in place before irrespective of the result the question of law needs to be addressed. My learned friend is concerned only if I can be decided on that he will be deciding the question whether you should have been included in the list or not right, like having not been included at one point of time is correct. There is a fine distinction drawn by Mr. decides that in LPs 685, the people persons are already there and he's excluded. Here they were not there at all. And now, they will not even notice it. My submission to the honorable court is this, that Let both the votes be counted replaced before the court. So, it can we can understand that whether the matter is required to be urgently required veteran is no difference is going to make if it does not make any difference tend to question if it makes any difference there is a question. Previous perfectly writing that LPs 684 logics are framed the issues to be considered a question of law, because there are there are judgments which were conflicting to each other. Therefore, the court said that this issue will have to be sorted out. Therefore, question of lobbying activity sided whether it makes any effect on the result or not. It can be decided next week also. No surprises. There are other matters also to be heard by the sport. We cannot keep hearing all these cooperative and apmg matters all the time. Well, this last report is not meant only for the corporate is an APM sees a lot of indications indeed with fraud and malice and missive everywhere we are cooperatives and apmc is no articulation of the result the party is holding us to do to be fully away the votes cast and kept separately in a sealed copy Yes. So, yeah, hey guys see you later. Just as a result of the political system is not particularly silicon. We have virtually bs Patel. Leonard senior advocate assisted by switchy rock Patel that calls for the upfront money shall have Kumar learned government leader assisted by Mr. Gupta than a DGP for the state respondents number one actually depend this high lead counsel representing respondent number three as kV It was first off white our order dated eighth of September 2020. We had directed that the polling actually will too to be held on 22 920 20 may be allowed. It was wasn't provided that the votes cast by the members of the managing committee of the seven appellant societies may be kept separately in a skill covered whereas the other voters whereas the votes of other voters may be kept in a separate sealed door the dispute related only to one constituency that is the agriculture is constancy full stop. We had further provided that the result of the agriculture suffer constituency will not be declared till further orders whereas the result of the other two constituencies may be declared first. Today, we are informed that the result that the polling was carried out I should do it on 22nd September 2020 will stop the result of the other two constituencies which are not an issue has since been declared but on account of the Non declaration of the result of the agriculturist constituency was the managing committee of the concerned apmc has still not been constituted. Also during counsel for the respondents Mr. Defenders hi and Michelle, government submitted that while dealing with a similar issue, this court had positive detailed order dated 13th October 2020. In a group of letters split into fields led by LPA number 685 of 2020. In the operative portion of the SEC order as contained in paragraph six, this court had directed for declaration of the results after including the votes of the societies which were in issue submitted that in the set case, the relief claim was for exclusion of those disputed societies. already included, already included in the voter list. Whereas in the present appeal, the issue is of inclusion of the seven societies who are not included in the voter list to be included. This folder submitted by for the respondents that since votes have already been separately kept in the earlier case also and in the previous case also let the results of the present elections held on 22nd September 2020. All the voters wanted to see have the consent apmc be declared without counting the votes of the seven Apollon societies. So that the managing committee could be constituted is further separated by that causal correspondence that the outcome of the present appeals would abide by the results that may now be declared and as such will be governed. In case any changes required including the votes of the seven societies. Having considered the submissions advanced we next up again Shree Patel, the senior counsel appearing for the appellants objected such an order being to the request made by the to the submissions of learned counsel the respondents and submitted that the votes of the seven constituencies will also be counted for the purpose of declaring the result. And as and when the appeal is decided, the results are declared will be accordingly altered, if necessary, and required. What's our next paragraph are being considered the submissions and having produced our order dated 13th October 2020. Past in a BA in a group of appeals led by LP and number six a five or 2020. We are the view that the results of the agriculturist constituency of the APM concerned the BMC be declared without including in the count the votes of the seven Apollon societies which shall remain sealed in the separate cover. As all be directed. All the ballot papers shall be duly preserved. Will the outcome of this appeal the appeal may be listed for final final Eric, along with the group of appeals led by LPL number 685 of 2020. And then when the set of wheels are listed, we also have a good end date Lega Mr. patella, VT jelenia Dora is vice Maggie, I don't know, January RNA which again let us do some for many years Can I lose it? Yes, thank you. I may be permitted to re I'll rejoin it item seven isn't permitted to leave as well Matt? Yes, Dr. Porter, what is this? Mr. This is cgst k state GST. This is cgst logic and Mr. De copia. I would like to submit my apologies because I have submitted a draft amendment and detailed compilation at the bug Office of mine. But unfortunately, that person that do here of mine has been tested positive. So he could not submit before the court physically. So I'll request not because I I requested the court and the court was kind enough to keep this metal on top of the board if the matter can be listed next week, because I will be submitting maximum by Monday. Both the copies are submitted the draft amendment What do you propose to file? What do you propose to fly? What if there is an amendment 20% has been reduced to 10% by waiver notifications. Sorry, sorry. You are you want to file an amendment he has already prepared it, but the person who was carrying the documents listed posted, so everything is blocked. He was just a big lordship if next week if my ultimate kindly grant two weeks because I also have to take necessary instructions with respect to the amendment and as my learned friend is saying, Mr. Gas might not get on next day, we will seriously call upon you to answer the petition. He has a point to argue very good point to argue. I'm humbly requesting for two weeks. You better make a note of two pages page five para one point 10 minor and page 11 para one point 18. My answer is if the if the substantive provision that is section 43. Capital lay has not come into force. How do you implement this rule 36 clause four. That's the short point we fail to understand why Mr. poser also wants to fight. Anyway, if he wants to file an amendment motion then since it is a challenge, why does so I don't want to take any risk and it's a limit on the request made by Dr. Avinash Cordell and counsel for the petitioner. Let this better be listed again in the top 10 cases on third of December grateful logic may make a submission not Yes. Logic. I have two more metals at number 16 and serial number 18. See the matrix serial number 16. If it can be kept Let's wait because I don't have the instructions and serial number 18 is a group of Metro which is listed on first Tron Metro slotting your serial number 16. Military check on the request made by Dr. Avinash port that went on with a petition list on fourth of December 2020. Yes, number 16 which I think is your number 18 will clear. Live this match will be listed on first December 2020. As it has been informed by Dr. Porter that other similar matters are fixed for 77.907590 20. Please, yes, with my notes permission. I may also Are you? Yes. Next is Mr. Pettit saved. There's a delay, please manage, as well as we have filed a reply matter. But I believe in the interregnum period during this the valley vacation or not the petitioner is paid the amount and the goods are released. Now, my Leonard friend meadowdale, made a draft amendment stating that the amount that is being paid based on with the goods are being released now that amount he wants to be refunded. How can that be done? subject to what my learned friend has to say when Mr. v 11 has been issued. So my not my only request is keeping this issue open. If mo v 11 has been issued, my learner may be dedicated to the authority and he may have waiting for appropriate appeal. If my Lord may also, still Oh, please unmute your mic. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, my mullet, I have no instructions on mo 11. We had made a deposit of that payment, tax and penalty under protest, we wrote a specific letter because the matter could not be heard immediately and the goods are lying on the highway. So we deposited the tax and penalty under protest. And we specifically pointed out that this may be treated as subject to outcome of the petition and thereafter they issued a release order. It was not a movie ella 11. It was a release order in a movie five minutes. The moot point here is I want my learners when we refer to the draft amendment that yes fight even in that manner, the document that Mr. 11 has been issued, if he's pressing for the draft amendment, might not I would like to respond to that. I am pressing I may be granted some time to respond to the draft. Please, madam and Mr. State, we are allowing the government right and granting you time to file your response and we are inputting the matter because it would have been released. It will be heard finally. Please, please. We have what's your chipset limit counsel for the petitioner actually chintan the avellaneda Gp for the state respondents post draft amendment is allowed. let Mr. incorporation be carried out within two weeks. Shri the Vedanta DGP may respond to the petitioners also to the government by filing a counter affidavit within four weeks. The as for the government, the petitioner after deposit of tax and penalty, under protest has already got the goods released. What does that make it also you've got released in the wake of release postop says there is no question of granting any interim order if this matter requires at least one hearing in due course. Only we're only one correction if it appeals to the honorable man or to the main petition we have already filed the reply is Yes, please. Yes. filed a dropped. Mr. Mr. Godwin, the next. Public Prosecutor would be assisting the honorable man and he would be there in the waiting room and they have already Sheldon. All right, Mr. Smith up in charge. Mr. Brock poppet and Miss Jeremy fish I mean, Mr. nanocavity, who is assisting you? With great difficulty I could recognize Mr. JV burden even booja assisting me Lord. I'm sorry. Am I audible? Miller? Yes, yes, you are very much audible. Please. Mayor, Mr. bopet is already here for the appeal which is filed by the complainant. By the way. It's a public prosecutor is not there in the waiting room. I just think well, in the meantime, if I'm permitted with all humility, I'm just wondering. Go shadow copper. Copper ever again. But then, who is this guy scouten was added by the name mahna. mahna mahna is the name of Shahrukh Khan's residence? Yes, yes. Mr. E Mr. Mukesh me. And research. Setting councils are not there in the waiting room? No, they are with me sitting with yesterday was very good. Because we went to Italy online it is difficult to take the paper into about 5000 pages. I have one small request. I know it is not the proper or fear on my part to make such requests. Yes, in view of the earlier orders passed by my lords. But there are these unforeseen intervention of curfew and all that derailed my deadline planning for preparing the matter. We are prepared full notes. It is ready running into about 25 pages. And it gives all the details the relevant witnesses Basie nation, our submissions and the relevant citations and the relevant paragraphs from the relevant judgments. I am not in the process of preparing convenience comb compiler ation. Yes. Is this being online hearing? Yes. So that the entire this huge paper book, it will not be possible to handle online. There's my personal perception. And thirdly, Miller I'm willing to supply a copy of the relevant judgments upon which we are placing the lens on the question of law rather not on facts apart. So that if some time is given below, I'll be immensely obliged. That is all that I'm requesting. Mr. nanavati. Your turn will come only if Mr. Amin is able to make out a case or Mr. But is able to make out a case that it requires some hearing. If you are convinced that there is nothing required, and we agree with the judgment of the acquittal, the matter and their struggle, there is no difficulty. If Mr. Amin and Mr. Popo private was able to convince us that there is something in their appeal, only then we will consider granting your time I leave it to I'm obliged. Let this matter again today i have to say i cannot come in the webinar. I certainly it is. Yes, we should I mean, yes, sir. I may I may start with my lords permit me to proceed yet, aka volume Guevara collibra here in a minute, so the question of Roy's interest first when I think everything will be over. I can't prevail upon the way this weaving is just for myself. It's not a submission. Am I am I audible now a lot that still still some more volume. my mic is movement. No. I mean, please. Okay. Yes. Am I audible? My loads? Not Yes, very much yet. My last now kindly see this being an equitable appeal. Yes, I will have to point out before the honorable court some distorted conclusions of the learned patient judge along with some glaring mistake while appreciating the evidence then and then I can request My Lords to look to the evidence led by the prosecution right. Now, before I point out those distorted conclusions, etc. If my lords permit me, I may just briefly summarize the facts of the project which is along with the evidence laid by the prosecution right. Now kindly see the offense to me. It is of one March 2005. It is morning at around 10 o'clock and the place of offense as narrating the fire is coming upon Korea plot main road kolben that information has been given by Rama Ravi Audra the family in a view of the injured and then deceased or who is the environment name of the disease is never away. Who is the informant? Rama Rama transect and Bombay police fire was registered against Texas number one under gereja. Tana Jadeja who is a disease entity and for name of the diseases issue by case shoe by Navy. We should never Yes sir. Yes and what is our time of logic? Sir, the FAA has been launched at 12.05 hours in the loop on first magic till one first market sell within about two to three hours. Yes. Now, as far as Empire is concerned, it is by name begins to Aqs as I submitted and to unknown persons. So, he known for persons was named accused. Now one is number one, namely they fit under under candle manager from the NBA and then the other one errand is accused. Number two is Connor Jadeja. They both are brothers. And the third one is the Lord My Lord says cannot pay any corner Yes it is now number three errand in the fire is the driver of the motor currently active persons not named but shown as driver of the motor car. And the fourth one errand is the unknown persons. This gun is dead and gone knows what available still absconding Oh, he's absconding. Even today's absconding and his karma related to conduct by our brothers, they both have so in the fire mine, according to the fire mylon for persons came in one car dealership cundall Cunha What is the name of the driver that diversifies your fire is concerned not named. So, I'm summarizing the case why not? And who was the fourth person that also is not known so far as a fire is concerned. So, the case of the first informant in the fire is that four persons came in a car my life and logic which included this candle, the driver, the driver and one another person, not sure when the trial proceeded, lordship only control was tried, correct? No, no, sir. so far. It has been that charges have been prayed because the cash it was filed, it was filed against more than four persons in a way other conspirators were also we are coming to criminal conspiracy a little later. criminal conspiracy must have been really in the course of the investigation. not cheap, but initially, we are just trying to gather a few basic facts to understand what is the case. My notes, therefore, the case of the prosecution is that initially, four persons came in a car might not and this candle had a firearm with him, right. Both number one and two, candle and Cunha and they fired shots. Not at K shoe buy never buy mailers, correct. mailers, this is the case. This is the case. Now what is the time of the incident? You'll get 10 in the morning 10. And place of incident. Is it a public place? What is it? It's a public place where people are? Yes. Yes, yes. Yes. So this issue by a neighbor by was near a pond cabin an issue by a neighbor by according to the case of informant as well as his own case, he was at canadia pan, ammonia pan. So he was standing near this Calais upon cabin correct correct. miles this car came all of a sudden stopped this candle and cannot came out of the car and five shots not see how many shots were fired Mr. Amin as per ocular version as well as medical version in all seven, seven shots for five seven whatever injuries Yes, sir. 5780 entry. Yes, yes, yes. Now, what was the first informant doing at that point of time near this pawn shop? there so far as case of first informant his concern was signed by the deceased at coming upon by now is this first informant in any way related to the disease party or somebody some sort of the other? This this eyewitness milords is he related to the prosecution party meaning meaning to say the disease there so far as a first informant, his concern is also relative and the other weakness is also relating first information. Sorry, I will be replying to what my notes so therefore, two eyewitnesses were present at the time of the incident according to your case, what is the format and the other is there's way further three persons as well. three persons Milord one first is the first informant and other two other other 434 other four or five eyewitnesses. Yes, are the other four that they are pw number 6478 and 29 format is no sorry he passed away during the course of trial, so he has not been examined is not been examined. no escaping into 161 is there is a fire a fire? They fit by the bed lionni yes and I will answer to eat but he passed away during the course of trial. evidence was not examined in the trial. All right. Now, Mr. Amin, all these eye witnesses were together or they were scattered at different places. So far as eyewitnesses are concerned who are saying that we were at Mahalakshmi pan because Mahalakshmi pan is placed nearby coming upon my buddy, right now after the incident after the shots were fired. Your case is that all those four men ran away in the car correct? They ran away right. They must have fled from the place of incident. Yes, yes. Now, as of now this disease would look into the hospital. First thing for bw number six in the NP w number four these two witnesses that took the disease to the hospital. What one more witness in all four persons carry the deceased three persons carry disease. three persons, three persons carry disease, of which number six is the real brother, past informant and one more person. Yes, both those three persons are eyewitnesses. So they picked up the disease from the place of the incident they put him in a car in a rickshaw and he was taken to the hospital. He was taken to the bow CG hospital porbandar open and he was still alive. He had already died. The moment he moment he reached the hospital. The medical case papers he was conscious. So doctors declared him as dead. He doctors declare him dead at 20 hours at 12 point 15 hours 12 point 15 hours point, my Lord and the fire was launched At what time? Create point 05 hours 12.0 files Okay, fine. Got the idea. My Lords fine now you proceed in your own way. Yes. Then what happened was I was on the fire. Fire Fire there is mention of two Equis persons by name and two other unknown persons. One last question. meilleurs. You said there are in all five witnesses right? My Lords out of five witnesses one passed away during the course of the trial itself. Then it will then including first informant There are six now and I stand corrected including first in four months six. Now there are out of six eyewitnesses one of the eyewitnesses who is the first informant he passed away your ship? Correct your ship. Now, fire eyewitnesses must have been examined in the trial when they have been examined by they all have supported the prosecution case or they have been declared hostile. Not so far as supporting of prosecution by dentists consent pw number six, a real brother of the disease. Reporting reported supported Mr. boddy and rest of the eyewitnesses out of the rest of the witnesses re examine But they are not implicating accused persons. So, that means that they must have been declared hostile, oh no, what is happen is this prosecution have not declared them as a hostile witness, they are not supported yet yes, they are not implicated persons they support the incident but they support that person scamming the car, but so far as as to who fired etc implication of accused you have not been supported by them though implication of abuse would mean taking their names or take a assigning them roles, no even taking assigning of roles is concerned they say that two persons fired all right they did not take the names of color and candle. No, they even do not give the name nor they have identified them during the course of trial Alright, but in their statement, they must shall disclose the names right. Not now, this is this is very important because to answer what my endorser asked me, to bring that aspect on rapport, prosecutor needs to either seek permission to quantity to the limited extent or may declaring those time that process or that exercise has not been done by the prosecutor. But we are left out with the evidence adduced by that witness. make clear, sir, I can repeat? No, no, we are not clear. My humble answer to the question raised by the honorable court is this. That when I say that other three persons were witness to the incident. They are not implicated, accused persons were particularly accused number one and two. Now, when I say that they are not implicated during the course of examination in chief, they say that incident had taken place at a particular this person scan in a motorcar come someone fired in the rain. Right. Here they are they confirm the incident, the time the place, and the manner in which the incident took place. not to that extent they support the prosecution case. My thoughts are that they do not identify your name the accused, they say they do not know the persons who had come they were not known to them. Right. That is my humble answer. But Mr. Amin, is it not suggestive of the fact that they resigned from the FBI 161 because we would like to know whether before the police, they had disclosed the names of these accused persons or not. But therefore, were these accused persons named in the police statements of these three eyewitnesses are not I may humbly answer these ways to bring that aspect. What Why can't you give a straight answer whether in 161 statement, these three witnesses had named Candela and Kala that they are named therefore gay right. Now, therefore, Mr. Romine if they have been specifically named my house, while in the witness box, if they say that no, we have no idea who those persons were, are, they're not resigning from the holistic method. These are not contradicted them on that. That's what he's saying he is beginning to not want to decry on 4161 per statement after confronting around bow key This is the statement given before the investigating officer who you are changing your stand here. What do you have to say to this newspaper for the purpose of cross cross examination or kalium? Yes, really one direction here. Their theory from the very beginning even in the police statement is that this has happened but they're subject to correction, not named anyone so it is not that they have resigned from their version. Okay. Only supported the happening of the incident. That's all Yes, this is what we have been inquiring with. My friend because my house, I still check a police statement, but this is the theory. Therefore, there was no scope for the public prosecutor to declare them as because they were supported. But now so now I was on the first March 2005. Fire. Yes Now there are on that very day investigator perform the Montana mob scene of offense. In from the scene of offense, certain articles the nature of empty cartridge is around seven rather seven. One bullet and that two bloodstained swabs were what I love along with broken pieces of soda water and footwear of the deceased. and few other articles not that important, important is empty cartridge is bullet etc. They have been seized by the investigator on first of March on the same day, on the same day, post mortem has been performed. And as I already submitted, there are seven entry wounds and few exit wounds as well. on that very day, investigator is also collecting articles gathered from the deceased by doctors and collected by the police, which includes these clothes etc. More particularly three bullets which were removed from the dead body of the deceased. And on the second of March, now, that was with regard to first of March. Now one second of March, one another punch has been brought whereby one bullet which was removed from the person of diseased while he was in a preliminary treatment at the hospital bow CG hospital. That bullet was also collected by the investigator. So these happen on first of March as well as second of March. Now 1/3 of March release were in search of the accused persons. Therefore porbandar police as well as me about police detection Crime Branch. Both were having some intelligence with regard to the location etc. of candolyn karna and his companion and ultimately in the morning of third of March more particularly at fireworks in the morning. They were apprehended from Indaba, the water that I express highway, two cars were intercepted and from the car they found five persons now I'm naming those persons. One is candle Jadeja that is errand Aqs number one. Another is current Jadeja who is not named in a fire. The third one is Macquarie Goswami. fourth one is jaysh. In the fifth one is a Raja way in all five persons were apprehended from the two cars in intercepted by porbandar as well as in the back police. Now out of these five persons as I submitted companies errand Aqs number one and jaysh identity during the course of investigation is revealed as driver of that particular car which was founded the scene of offense. Now, yes, they were apprehended in the wee hours of third of March. They were subjected to search and from their persons for a scandalous concern. One pistola nine mm was fun. It was loaded with my previous and other batteries from the personal Thunder was also found in all 14 countries were formed. For two important articles have been found from candle. lately that pistol had been marked up my lords make it mark so that when I will bring to my lords notice some other opionion evidence it will be necessary that we stole his mark u u, u u u for umbrella Whatever this is exhibit you material exhibit that is it is termed as article new material yes from the other person who was found along with those person is one current that is another brother of candle he was also found with nine mm pistol and seven cartridge is loaded in the person who made it. Now, this is my guide what exhibit eight is market article a couple third said the third person is Ahmed Ahmed Goswami Haji My Lords my last night goes on it's a gamma jameelah in all 38 more countries have 10 in number 10 countries have 38 more right yes 3010 countries 10 cottages mine meilleurs no pistol no revolver no no no no only carry miners only countries Alright, so, this is relevant articles which were found from three persons out of fine. Now, so far as this particular aspect is concerned there is a separate efile filed by our police and that has been registered under arm sec under Section 125 and all yes and that is against it used current and omit query not against candle No it is not fine that is because the fire is it page 3535 but a fire is restricted to current and obituary to persons but recovery from cattle also yes record is also from condell what what happened to this fire so I I have already asked and inquired from him about police and within 1015 minutes I will respond to it as to what happened because I don't know whether the during course of investigation or that person were also arraigned as an accused in the fire as well or not. Now Okay, this case is separate. I it is separate because they're so far as these represent a fire is concerned that relates to murder in a distance plays for a member and as they were found in the bar with these arms is separate a fire against two persons as Bill file folder now since trial is spending only for the purpose of trial is pending. I am thankful to my friend no out of five persons is a submitted jaysh was identified as a guide of investigation he was found to be driver and one other person named Raja. Yes. Was the 40%. Who know Yes, in the porbandar a fire right. Yes then whatever. Therefore, on third of March our candle jaysh and Raja these three persons were arrested in porbandar a fire Mater. Yes. Now 1/4 of March next day. Yes. various articles in the nature of loss of diseased I mean, close of these three accused persons were collected by police as well as blood sample of this three accused candle Jason Roger. Yes, on seventh of March. My fourth candle named Erica was also arrested in porbandar. A fire on Fifth watch 1777 months Yes, yes my also my notes alright. And on 10th of March, yes. Baron and Omid puri of MW fire. We are also a study in porbandar Empire exhibit one it is translated all right then whatever investigation proceeded for the his articles were sent to FSL Medley on 28th of may 2005 chargesheet was laid against arrested persons. Okay 6666 miles, yes. Many persons were shown as an absconder. They are sent to bed Mother of condom. No, but all these persons were arrested. My notes then was a question of after they got bail and they jumped the bill. No, no, no, no, sir. When I say that charge, it was late charge. It was late again. 6%. I will. I will name them Condon. Yes. Raja jaysh. The carbon encara as well as rheumatory. Now, Chandra Corrado may Jason Raja were arrested from the highway. No, but when I say sir, I submitted that they were also arrested in for that matter to the honorable court, all right. And they have said on seventh of March in porbandar case, yes and current no may 10 of the orbiter case on Mars, correct. So, now go against those six persons Yes, data sheet 1/28 of may 2005. Right agree. Now, as during the course of investigation, it was found that there are conspirators as well in the case for persons who have been shown as in absconded, as they were not available till the time chargesheet was laid in Dr. Santos Ben. Let his mother one minute. My Los Santos Ben some Taka si n t. o ck. ck some Toka? Well, Santo, yes. My. Then Ghana, who is named India fire? Yes. Their names are booja booja boj BHO g booja. booja in Ranjeet. And then de meilleures. Also further investigation, supplementary charges It was late on 2016 2005 2610 in 2005. With a supplementary charge sheet Yes. And two persons who were arrested during that course of period. Yes, named Pooja and Sam Tobin where chargesheeted and Ranjan Khanna has not Available were shown earlier yes the second supplementary chargesheet was laid on third Of March 2006. against the arrested accused dmg and now the left out accused is Karna alright right. police stations cases were registered 3738 and 39 or 2006. How many three PCs three cases three sessions cases 3738 39 or 2006. session number Yes sir. Yes 24 January 2007 charges all the fashion used. Yesterday carbon was not available by that time. Before charging, Jeremy is now now that charge is at page 863. without waiting I may summarize with my lords permission. Yes. Now, so far as charities are concerned in the news in the fire that is Condon by now so far as charges concern in the charge, the charges have been framed against the arrested accused as well as showing Kanye as an absconder. The word chargesheeted in the absconder Karna have committed suicide. So offense, that is that is right now, so far as charities are concerned, against Karna Naish Hindi Raja you didn't mean he said I'm from the jargon policing for my last concert. Instead of me, my last, sorry to interrupt you. Normally, majors. There was an identification parade conducted in the course of the investigation, what first informant this identification parade was through medu by Nancy by chamada, the owner of that particular Pawn Shop kanaya upon No no, that identification parade was conducted for identification of first informant it was identification, who identifies the first informant? No, no first in form of identification of a accused before first informant right. So therefore, in the identification parade, the first informant identified the assailants Yes, yes, right. Except Connor, this parade No, this parade was confined only to this first information might not. Well, there is evidence of ew seven minor. Meanwhile, the C by chamada. And yes, NT four lots if this incident occurred right near his shop, known as known as a upon my lords, whether there was any identification of the excellence through this particular witness motto by nursey by chamada. No mind No, no, no. Yes. Coming back to the chart yes obras. Candle yes candle entered into along with other sections namely 34 120 b but I'm presenting broad ideas or I can read an object. Now so far as Karen Pooja is concerned they are charged for conspiracy of murder. Karen moja and center and center what would it be 120 b they were not present at the scene of offense but the investigation says that they have conspired right. Now other two accused that is Omid puri and Reggie lgbs are charged for harboring or giving shelter their founders met and when God made Entergy under section under Section 2122 I don't want to say number one candle is also charged. Yes there is one more was in DC as the allegations are that an attempt was made to change the number plate of motor car tampering with evidence of a disappearance causing disappearance motor car 20101 that is against control only. That is against all Oh well. Now framing of yes on fy 2007 he escaped from the police custody and he was taking treatment in one hospital at Rach code yes you can go and then escape All right. And one another who was granted bail in Raja What's a 1122 Ronnie? What's up okay. So nice to see the rest of the accused. Now so far as evidence of pw number one to 23 is concerned. It has been recorded during oh six 2008 218 seven 2009 Yes, no as those persons as 207 prosecutor gave application on first March 2007, section 299 lead evidence their absence is exhibit 70 application is at 81547 exhibit 77 0815471 mass 701 may 2007, post 1007 date of application Yes. Now, now, after examining relevant aspect let me judge allow that application 116 2007 exhibit 70 was allowed exhibit 70 was allowed on 1607 Yes, necessary procedure of issuers of proclamation and the 82 etc were was also done and that has been mentioned in the order. Now, subsequent there to prosecutor Gail, another application 111 10 2007. It is exhibit 101. At page one, eight double one or whatever was the case of the prosecutor in the application is in separation of trial to absconders from the aq who were already before the honorable court this is exhibit number, this is exhibit number 105105 page 1811. For separation of trial All right. You call it out. And that was allowed on that date simple. Jim Bay MD evidence of 23 witnesses has been recorded correct. Now another way just to bring the trial was conducted against all of us except three to recover and also died recovering died my Raja absconded and condell escape. Alright, my lord serving. So during the span of that period, which I already mentioned before the honorable court 23 weaknesses were examining correct. and thereafter on 26th July 2007, who absconders were arrested re arrested. Or 20 672 1009. Whoops What does what arrested debt is canceled and Roger. were charged in the den. It's great. Though, again, prosecution gave an application 1/30 July 2009 unify includible fi exhibit two what what are joining those two naps condors and real estate Aqs courses along with the let us do we are already right but joining them in the trial purchase All right. Now, what happened to this application? It is mean ello is meant for what is the date of the order? The date of the order is 30th July 2009. The one week application was given now, now know what time wasting time clarifying it so far as this application is concerned. Yes. Double file. Yes, the absconders who were arrested help place the endorsement in the application that they're right. Under Section 273 be protected and shall not be prejudice. It was the endorsement which has been placed by the aesthetic carrier aesthetic used. Okay, I reserve the right to cross examine the witnesses. That is what they endorse. That is what they endorse. Right now, considering the endorsement landed judge allowed that application no sooner My Lords asked me I will read the order or whatever is required. I'm placing broad facts, but I'm permitted for a second on this chronology only for a second if Mr. Amin permits not when these two Aqs absconded their advocates will retired from the trial kindly see that is exhibit exhibit 82 exhibit 82 page 1703 All right. And then they file fresh work that is an exhibit 269 after their re arrest, alright, these are the two materials dates in this entire column. minutes. So after that application was allowed on 111 10 prosecution gave application under Section 311 for recalling pw number six kW number six because that was the only witness who totally supported the case of prosecution. So, this is again an application by the public prosecutor. Yes, under 311. Exhibit five practices exhibit 536 five to recall pw six. Now net application allowed and the learned judge has ordered that Murphy question as well as defense will be having restricted light to examination in chief as well as cross examination restricted to an extent of only identification then nothing beyond that. When you six was examined earlier, yes, bw 13 all 23 witnesses when VW six entered the box and his evidence was recorded is to accuse her absconded. Yes. Yes. This is given 2007 and evidence recorded. June 2008. Says right rather 19 separate. So later, after the evidence of pw six was over, my lords, and when the two absconding accused were re arrested nachi the pw six was once again put into the box, not by word 311 of crpc. Not shaving. For what purpose, Mr. Romney, that there that there are that there is a caveat in the application as well as in the order that the recall of pw number six is only for the purpose of identification of the absconder in real estate. But once the file is separated, Mr. Amin, Myers, once the trial is separated, measures later at absconding accused or arrested and put to trial. Should should the witnesses not be examined afresh for the purpose of that is put the mandate in the provisions of the code word, particularly section 273. Anyone 299 along with section 33 of the evidence saying, Oh, it was the light of the very unusual, very unusual proceeding, unless the UCC I don't want any further cross examination, that's a bit different. But then they have the right to cross examine the witnesses. And they will join. So they said, All right, you give me full opportunity to cross examine. There's only right there and the transport restricted to a certain loan, the bank would not allow that application was subject to the rights. Initially, yes, it is not an extended clarify here, because this is going to be very crucial point. This is a push, new question, and I'll clarify that the courts have interpreted these are statutory rights which have to be asked for here without the conduct of the accused of x conference thereafter to nine nine and they did not objected to that evidence being recorded, again, will not in a joint trial. They have just said it's subject to over 273 rights. Now 273 provides exception with accuses that Connie will come to that later the legal aspect of it, we are trying to understand the core logic of events. They have got a chance to cross examine so far as identification is concerned, that isn't only that's all. It takes with up to six months recall for the purposes of further examination and for the purpose of cross examination only to the limited extent of identification. That's all for today don't ever sought for cross examination. That is a separate issue that we'll see later, whatever they have prayed for as to how the court has dealt with that aspect that we will delete a bit up to six Okay, we'll do the call I was given a further statement which they have said that we are we are we have not been allowed to go at the further statement stage till dusted they will not move any application. Yes. Yes, sir. So, ultimately when the further statements were recorded, the stand of this to absconder more particularly accused number one will answer the evidence led through prosecution of pw number one 223 the answer simple answer which they gave was that they were not present in the trial therefore they cannot answer. What is the standard of these accused at the time of for the state? Now that I help narrated abroad facts of the case before the honorable court now one minute when always there The project was closed. It has been closed on in a minute sir My Lords Mike Just give me one minute My Lords may give me a few anyway 160 313 statement was recorded, yes closing Ism 16 November 2010 military forces exhibit 539 phase 4391 is 616 Yes, my lords did as to when the further statements were recorded three or three statements yes, even three statements they are recorded on 29 1110 all the abuse physical Yes, subject to what my friends have to say, but I will see to this particular date that is 29 1110 the judgment has been put on from 1111 to 11. Therefore, this would be the data judgment is of 11 to 11 1112 1111 February 1111. Every now, and briefly tell us what are the reasons are the findings recorded by the trial court for recording now, now, before undertaking that exercise, I may I may just put some facts with regard to the evidence of ballistic expert as I submitted that there were two pistols yes article you which is attributed to colors candle candle and another is a pistol which has been attributed to Iran which is particularly now the broad evidence of the ballistic export the expertise yet so far as those five bullets are concerned recovered from the or removed from the body and wonder found from the scene of offense. Yes, according to expert they are not fired from article use that was attributed that is attributed to candle other and so far as empty cartridge is etc also our examine and on the basis of rifling Mark pins etc perfusion etc that there also there is that it has not been fired from article you that is candles pistol and so far as article a is concerned expert says that it has been fired or it could be fired from article a. It could be it could rather it is according to opinion it can it can be fired from me. No No it is fired from me. I'm sorry. It is fired from me. That is the observation in FSL report. Mark machismo. I think Sir, I said like that only what my friend Mr. Pope was to convey to him but just for the month is is missing some time is not available some time is available. So when I submitted that it has been found that it is fired earlier. It I said and thereafter I corrected that. Yes, it has been fired from me that has been attributed to Aqs cron. So, this is how the ballistic export what Jenny's I can go into detail as in when it is required. So far is medical evidence is concerned. Obviously, I asked for entry exit when they said that it is possible by firearm injury. Now Now coming to the ocular version. Now out of all the different witnesses which has been examined the only only witness who supported the case of prosecution dw number six ramabai neverwet who happens to be the real brother of the disease and be according to prosecution he has supported the case of prosecution by implicating all the four accused one right now can you give us the names of all the eyewitnesses the ocular testimony witnesses yes sir first piece pw number four read up to four named is hidden Joshi he then Joshi exhibit 181 01 and zero in the evidence at page double to double three with short video next that then pw number six. Who is he is real brother that is Rama Rama by Neva VI. When exhibit 185 185 Yes, that then pw number seven seven medu coming upon one mother why exhibit one nine for exhibit one nine for my lords. Yes. Then one Anil j trois pw nilgiri dealership who is a tailor shop nearby exhibit 196 Yes. And the last one is pw number 29 ever 2929 Yes. Who is he? But one D Chyna. D Bhagawan. D exhibit 284 sorry one D Gina but when did you know you're gonna get it he also he said yeah, there is one another fun parlor there at the SFP pond parlor owner, Adi Shakti audition. So 12345 eyewitnesses milers milers. Now in the FBI, the names of these witnesses are mentioned the names of not all these five but more mentioned, I may just submit before the honorable court so far as Jeff is concerned. He says first and foremost says that he himself along with people you know Along with Karla Bhiku Ganga la comme si Kala Gopal going on to campus 347 all these persons have not been examined Mormonism and the FBI doesn't mention these five witnesses who have been examined out of them well one drama never isn't mentioned Rama never been mentioned mentioned along with two others gabbi Brahman and Bhikkhu Ganga we note examine karabi Brahman is here and who is exam I'm sorry Bhikkhu Ganga is not exempt so two three are examined or examined I'm a neighbor and even not three now apart from pw six or seven to eight and pw 29 divide these accused what they have some odd occurrence my notes yes continue so the judge while appreciating the evidence of pw number six because now evidence broadly is of pw number six available with the prosecution by lawyers. By the time those absconding accused him to be arrested. Watching evidence of pw six was over. Yes. Yes. malice. While those persons were absconding how many words before the trial court? The other all others? Are all others. Yes. While others are they how many numbers? They are 9x Ray cabin and cannon. So they wouldn't be in numbers. According to Wi Fi five, correct. Yes, Mr. Amin, while fiber before the trial code, your chip and pw six was in the box. watching those five who were before the trial court were being represented by the respective defense counsel. Yes, yes. David and and all those counsel must have cross examine PwC six Yes, yes, certainly, we have bruxism now, no one appeared on behalf of the absconding accused no correct Musa milosh de by the time pw six came to be examined lordship while those persons were absconding My Lords the trial and already separated not correct. Now, once the trial is separated, that is why a separate sessions case number has been given that so far as separation, I mean, separate case number is concerned it relates to three different charging Okay, fine, fine. So, so, since they are relating to three different charges, it has nothing to do with separation of trust. Right. It can in the answer this ways My Lords may give me one minute, after three different charges were filed in three different categories were numbered accordingly there was a consolidation of all the three cases and therefore one child was late that is initially against those eight persons as I have already submitted right now eight persons were charged, correct. We are just trying to understand the correct procedure. minors examination in chief of pw six was already Oh, my lords when those absconding persons came to be re arrested and were before the trial court for the purpose of trial might not they will have to be proceeded separately. Therefore, can they can they just get into a running train that now we are here? We have been we have been rearrested. So now, we should continue with the trial. We should be included in the track. Just a minute, just a minute you were responded on the next day doesn't matter. We are just trying to understand when those two came to be re arrested and were put before the trial code all that could have been used by the prosecution was the examination in chief as it is, but for the purpose of cross examination, whether they should have been given an opportunity or not, that they have to be given full play. Correct right. Now, a very peculiar order seems to have been passed by the trial court that well, we t v w. Six is being recalled, not as the instance of those rearrested accused persons. No. Supposing if prosecutor would not have preferred that application under 311 for recalling what could have is the procedure adopted by the defense counsel for the purpose of cross examining pw six on behalf of those two absconding accused just give us a fair idea, Mr. Mehra my humble answer is this that it was duty of prosecution examine witnesses in presence of tech news persons that is the provision section 273 that means that once again the examination in chief should have been recorded for the purpose of those two absconding it there there are four answers one that is the act use wishes to examine a fresh because ultimately demeanor etc also is required to be looked into what is the demeanor etc. It was not known to the accused and thereby not known to the end okay to be accused. But if it used to these net Okay, whatever examination in Chivas Come, I will start cross examining, then that will be his wish, Mr. Mr. Amin, and this is a situation that the entire trial would have been over with judgment by the time those absconding accused were rearrested. My Lords, then what would have been the procedure? just bad idea, what would have been the procedure? They have? They have to be proceeded now. That certainly we know if they are found subsequent to the conclusion of the trial, correct. All the evidence has to be laid in presence of those accused, including the examination in chief, but certainly certainly, oh, there is an exception to this, that such examination in chief could have been utilized straightway provided that witnesses that that is 299 probably going to have to 99 if the deponent is dead, or incapable of giving evidence or cannot be found, or his presence cannot be procured, without an amount of delay. In such circumstances, straightway the examination in chief can be used by the prosecution right? There, just as one of the contingencies taken care of by provision of law, but the witnesses are available. As I said, if the entire trial would have been over, and later on if those were absconding with real estate, and Tad trial has to go ahead and proceed afresh. But this is a case where 50 60% of the trial was over pw six examination was also and in the meantime, these two persons to get into the picture, again, the weather code should have permitted them to join the trial. court could have said no, sorry, wait, your trial is already separated. Now I'm proceeding with this particular trial so far as the other accused before we are concerned. Whether this procedure should have been adopted, or the procedure which is adopted by the trial court was correct. That according to me, the procedure adopted by London trial judge is not correct. Correct. Now, just try and get word to help permitted them to cross examine who their fullest extent whatever they want to cross examine. Well, now the catches over here. You pointed out Mr. Amin that the cross examination was restricted to a certain extent are we right? Yes, yes, that is the order rather correct me just while recalling it was this order challenged before the higher forum or was it accepted by the accused persons not telling. So, they accepted it has not been challenged and therefore, they have accepted they agreed that we will cross examine pw six only on these two limited aspects. So, the the witness was recalled on the application of the public prosecutor only for the purposes of leading further examination in chief regarding identification. And to that extent only cross examination was permitted. Gucci already did to play in identifying the camera info identify correctly, why was he just passed a divided SSI protocol, and then he restricted the rite of passage. Yes, and they accepted? Yes. And we say without prejudice to our rights to the 273. That has everything Mr. nanavati 273 does not save the situation for you to lose to 90. That's why we are putting these questions to Mr. Ram to 73 to seven 273 into picture, we are just trying to examine whether the procedure adopted by the trial court was correct, whether it led to a serious miscarriage of justice, yes, and whether the ultimate decision taken by the trial court is affected in any manner by this very unusual procedure. We are concentrating on these three larger issues not large. So, therefore, Mr. Aminu tell us what are the grounds are the results or the findings of the trial court on the basis of which acquittal has been recorded. So, coming to their particular aspects of Nigeria heavily relied rather the prosecution heavily relied on pw Mercy's learned yet, while studying the evidence of pw number six is heavily relied upon the evidence of other four witnesses, namely four seven and a rather three. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, has the learned judge gone into the question of the procedure adopted and has held that the procedure has not been correctly applied or the accused have not been given adequate opportunity or that the witnesses were not re examined therefore they cannot be read as against the to subsequently arrested absconders. Since one is otherwise if the trial court has proceeded on the merits of the evidence lead and has discarded or rejected the evidence of pw six on the strength of the other evidence available on record. Even as a case the absconders and as against the origin under trials who are facing the trial law a trial judge relied on all the 23 witnesses evidence more particularly pw number six used against the accused as well, that is there. Now you forget it. Now you tell us what are your grounds on which you have filed the appeal? hearing. Now, Mr. Amin meilleurs. I may add one thing to what has fallen from my lord worship. Was it argued before the trial court that sir serious prejudice has been caused to us because of the procedure adopted by you and we have not been able to get reasonable opportunity of defending ourselves because our right to cross examine the main eye witness has been has been restricted only on the question of identification was it argued like this? No. No, they they have clear their stand when they give their 313 statement by saying that as evidence of pw number six along with one to 23 have not been recorded in their presence. They did not. They did not require to explain because that has been deployed in their absence. to that is that is a challenge. What To set up so therefore, sorry Mr. Ravi. We will now continue poster Jackie. be walking walking mining miners logic. Yes. miners were obliged Hello Yes Michael good Maria My Lords yes I was on the April 6 oh yes I was on the Did you mean yes by yes we studied the evidence of pw number six correct. Now the reasons which came by the honorable court for discarding pw there is some problem in hearing Mr. Amin. It mistura he doesn't want to hear what he's arguing I have I have more people now battle he said the way placement actually scatters. And sorry I could have asked only him otherwise I could not have asked him I'm sorry. How dare you check your volume control and see your reduce I was in Milan. Okay. Hopefully so hopefully, yes, I might not. So for not considering the evidence of pw number six, let me just say that Firstly, there is no ti parade being conducted as he was attending at Mahalakshmi pond and the incident had taken place at coming upon some of the evidence laid by the prosecution in the form of surveyor who prepared the map of the scene of events and also measured the distance between the two place is around 72 feet. So, when he first heard the firing short, he was placed at Mahalakshmi pan. So after hearing the firing short, he realized that it has been fired on his brother, he started moving towards connais upon in all ways, gathering some sort of waters, or throwing it against the SLS. So while traveling from Mahalakshmi, pan to connais, upon the landlady saying that the entire incident of seven shorts was already completed by the time pw number six reached the place where the firing quickly because there is an evidence that one after another seven shots were fired, it is not that one fired then waiting for some time then second with the cases one after another seven shots were fired. The third reason sad is that he was the person who took disease to the hospital and after reaching hospital is giving message to the doctors as to who is the person who is injured and he is describing to an extent the incident but he is not living the silence. So did happen at 11 o'clock when he went to the hospital. disease was taken to the hospital is already I submitted in the Mr. nanavati Mr. navety Yes, Miller and Mr. Mr. poppet. Yes, this rickshaw Wallah driver was examined as a witness know with respect to cannabis disease was taken to the hospital was that driver exam not examine retrospect not examine the statement was recorded. Is it a part of the church it met I'll just verify but I don't think any punchnama even mulani any punch down such a rickshaw was carried out? No. With respect again No. And any explanation given why the brother did not last the fire rather than a stranger to hire. Another one he's no stranger he the person who has got the fire ran away from the scene of offense is nephew of the deceased, real nephew to a few of the deceased and the issue of the disease. Mr. Amelie inquired whether rickshaw driver was examined as a product so no matter what even Milan one more question when the when pw six reached the hospital along with his brother, my Lord and to others. At that point of time, as pointed out the names of the excellence were not disclosed. But you know, back back in the history recorded by the doctor in the medical certificate anything has been stated which better throw some light on this. No, no sir. Giving is giving information with regard Disease having suffered fire but so far as as to who are the persons who have caused him to suffer firearm injuries he has the doctor deposed who brought the deceased at the hospitals who are the persons who had brought the injured to the hospital. pw number six has said so. That is a matter of record. is Dr. pw one below? He has sex Okay, it was Peter. Rama Neva Audra brought their phones pw six broke. Oh, please. But only one quipping if permitted Rahmani basa blow blood stain Epsom Brian. Always allow me so naughty. So it's a network of a child. Mr. Levine, you need to strengthen your network bandwidth wisely. My notes and I will try my best to do them as an outtie. Please unmute your mic near them. unmute. Yeah, there's something when you went offline. Yeah, no clothes. Over. I'm on a bw six. He carries a man who sustained seven bullet injuries profusely bleeding to the hospital in a rickshaw. He according in his evidence is that Mike cross with blood stain. They are not recovered. He says that I never changed clothes before lodging of the fire. Third, thirdly, I will say is that I have not seen any bloodstains on his cloth. Right, you will have your chance let Mr. Amin complete the new Yes, yes, but I'm very sorry please. So, the other reasons over and about hearing not informed about the assailants name before the doctor. The other reason given by Linda Jaggi is that while carrying injured and then deceased to the hospital, he had telephonic contact with very near relative and to him also he does not disclose the name of names of the SL ends. So, let Jen relied on that aspect. third aspect distance between Mahalakshmi and coniah upon fourth aspect the timings of firing is submitted and the other aspect is that the evidence of other witnesses namely for seven eight Hill said in that testimony that pw number six and I did the incident place after the occurrence was over because according to evil pw number six from Mahalakshmi he came to the site long and short of the conclusion drawn by the lender guarantees that pw number six does not inspire confidence because there is no tip great distance space of firing and ease ni was shown by other witnesses is subsequent to the occurrence and blood loss exit. So, he was not presented a spot on the time of occurrence but he was subsequently planted right here and subsequently here right. Now tell us what was the motor motor movie what is stated in the yes yes motive as stated by pw number six is letter last two fully. There was a dispute with regard to throwing off color between candle and the disease. That is what pw number six says insofar as first informant is concerned in first information over and over this whole incident informant is taking about as to who is siding with whom informant says that DC I mean disease is have a side nd candle accuses on the other side but so far as evidence is concerned evidences of the incident which took place on last toli which was around one year because incident took place in March of 2005 therefore, lastly would be somewhere in the month of March of 2004. So, that is the reason or the motive of the incident as stated by pw number six right now, now, so, on these grounds pw number six is discarded, discarded yes been discarded and another important evidence is of pw number seven the person of carnea upon Yes, who supports the entire incident, but he does not give names of the accused number one and two neither prosecution is a meeting witness by way of an giving him an opportunity to identify as it was given for pw number six to pw number seven that is how the honorable court is discarding and one one other aspect when a judge is laid upon is worried about the other which I mentioned is the real brother of the this is bw number six is the real brother of the DC Therefore, he is a related witness along with the other circumstance we generated Now, one thing My Lords how has this conspiracy theory entered into during investigation for data there is no material which I can place for my notes consideration Then why are you making falsifications I said understand but that is what the case of prosecution is. So all right. Now, what is your submission? Sir my submission is this your submission is that there appears to be less waste I may I may I may support itself provided My Lords Give me two minutes I will support that provided My Lords Give me two minutes all right Elysee I therefore the cases of solitary eyewitness yes we w number six is the solitary eyewitness now even closely scrutinize the evidence of pw number six more particularly with pw number seven Sara forget other accused by other witnesses. But pw number seven is the natural eyewitness of the incident right. Now, he being the natural eye witness of the incident is supporting the incident. But somehow prosecution is not able to implicate accused to him very difficult to digest that aspect. But the fact remains that the evidence of bw number seven stands there in there. As you mean for the sake of argument a risk should have been taken by the prosecutor as permitted pw number six for identification pw number seven also to have been permitted to identify whether the person who fired on the disease are the persons who are present here, go there and then not be ta for a and and along with that the legal position. That is section two. Now learned judge on one hand is allowing application Under Section 299 on the other end is separating the trial now all settled denser whatever irregularity or illegality committed but once accused are before the honorable court they have to be given full play that is my humble submission that I would conclude here provided My Lords permit me to conclude here I may I may I may respond to my daughter is in when it is required no difficulty about it. Mr. popper, please Yes Well, yes. Two Witnesses I will rely this pw six and one they are pw six as before Yes, what a pw six which we have we have been with eyewitness to the incident because his office is situated where this incident has occurred. He is a brother of the deceased. What he says is that when he saw disease being fired upon, he ran with a soda carried motel and Thrones. Soda waters upon the accused assumes yes felons. Now those soda bottles are found from the place of incident. Correct. That is one incriminating evidence which is coming from now the hearin, who has been examined he also deposed before the court that a while the soda bottles were being thrown, I was immediately informed that the disease's being fired upon by this candle and his brother. Therefore, this is a natural testimony if we examine hearin along with pw six, it will reveal that pw six has seen the incident otherwise, learner just says that he was there, but he could not have seen the incident because the incident was 100 meters away. This is the reason main reason on which his testimony is not believed. But I wonder what is the distance between Mahalakshmi pan Md carnavon and a pan 200 meters according to the surveyor approximately he has not given exact reason that how much is the distance but says 100 meter approximately, and it is on his evidence, eyewitness is not believed. Therefore, what I'm trying to point out to your Lordships is that he ran with another witness to the incident in his testimony says that immediately at the time when incident was going on. CW six informed me that candle and his brothers are assaulting his deceased, therefore, that Peter there otherwise this would not have come in the testimony of hearing. Therefore, what is stated in gujrati is that that hiran shall candle a candle and no by Maraba marriage, this is what how the pw six can be an eyewitness of the incident. Great, great, great lodge here in Korea who is in Iran Brahman is one of the witness melotte this this carlu by Brahma, who has been mentioned in the fire is one of the witness independent witness. He was sitting along with this clip pw six at another pawn shop where Office of PwC is situated. And from here to here, it was also not a decree upon the Yes, there punch of both of them. He didn't testimony says that I was there and then when I PwC picked up the soda carried bottle, he told me that let's go also this accuser assaulting my brother, and that time the names were given. So, his presence is natural, because his office is situated there and that he ran there and he throws water bottle upon the assailant is also found from punch now. So the now if you're lost, you see is the reason why does he in new da assailants from before he did not know them that that is not there is no examination on that aspect. But since the day we informed him he was knowing a salad because they the pw six informed him at the same time. That would be hearsay so far as this hearing is concerned. But if we didn't have seen him, them and he didn't knew them lead he didn't would have taken the name directly saying that he I saw them both statement of Peter two six, therefore if Can I take your losses to evidence of Eden because then you're here? What are the 2135? But you want to take some water from here is evidence to suggest a statement of metaphysics. Gotcha. Now, so you have to establish that he read whether he knew them or you don't know them if he did not, was always limited to six in a moment minute because if he knew them and he was still taking them up to six, then it would there's no evidence, no adherence Ian's testimony. It says In the judgment also it has been referred as saying that he didn't was informed by PwC that Carla tell my brother is being assaulted by somebody, then it is one witness only who says it is conine Karna but by the time you not both the each incident they have no incident was over therefore they have seen from distance Can you see the pw six is the one who is first seen because 100 meters is a long distance. Yes. That is the they say approximate demeanor they are not saying that approximately 1015 meters but then he wanted more than 300 feet 200 feet so for a soda bottles are found it is found around 32 feet. No 72 mylondon is not right. seven feet away. I still the occurrence 770 

