Am I audible? You're not I'm not able to hear anything. Yes, yes, I am able to now. Mr. Added Sanjay appears This matter is today only listed for one simple purpose it was supposed to come up yesterday, Interim relief was limited, so I don't attention hence today it's only confirm extension of interim relief. All right now Have you informed Mrs. Angela? He His name is going on in the cost list. You know, where is he? He's not here. I also keep you informed we will extend the imprimatur of Mr. Kunal Weisner will be trying to log in, they are seeking time on behalf of Mr. Mr. Byrd, who appear for Reserve Bank of India. He will be trying to log in or kunaal waste of his junior for a time to find your opinions. Sir, Mr. Hart is there. Yes, Mr. Herbert will appear in this matter. He told me some time ago. Well, not always not here, but will appear he is a colleague of Mr. Mr. And Mrs. Ayala is not here. This is the same point now that merger issue now Yes, you're not six Yes. Yesterday also two matters were the yes your Lordships same same point number two, same that same yesterday. It was supposed to come yesterday on the board indeed welcome interim relief was limited hence for limited purpose. It is listed right now. Well, no counters have come as of now. Have instructions to appear for RBI yesterday only I received the instructions. It can be kept after some days so that I can put in my reply. Mr. Sanjay Nola is in the waiting room. I'm told. I'm calling him out. He says his agenda is there for this. Yes. just reading the New York mic Yes, sir. I'm appearing for an cobank for audits and jurmala Alright. We are filing one we should be filing within two weeks time there was one matter yesterday which I believe rule has already been issued this is a matter where notices issued. So I would request that if there are two other matters which are coming up on 11 December. So if these two matters or capital 11 December top of the board we will find our reply by them and proceed with the matter very well. My suggestion just Lordships the lead mentor is SCA 3686 the service matter where all the pleadings of Union of India central register state register state government is complete which was heard twice result for orders twice and mechanic was released for because of elevations etc etc of the Chief Justice etc so that that is a legal matter. That is racist as of 2014 I've just kept the order in a moment I'm just giving you the order bro I just want a number that's okay. I'm just giving you a moment please we do not know what that market is about. I was supplied a soft copy of the lead my meetings are completed all the compilations of documents are also given by the state by me by state register central register etc etc. Listen to the Mr. Ashish Indianola, London senior advocate assisted by see others and jangala appears for the mercantile Cooperative Bank Limited and praise for spend his time to find out the reputable Mr. Amata. But look, I look it appears for the Reserve Bank of India and also pays for similar time to Sreenivasan shall enter counsel for the petitioner submits that lead matter received Mr. Massage Ah, don't interrupt in between the dictation of the auto rental is we have a problem we will ask you, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It's the machine shop. So, I missed that the lead writer raising similar issues as the present case is a seer number 3686 of 2014. Full stop recording you direct that this matter may be connected to the suitcase full stop. Further, we have been informed by Mrs. Indianola that similar matters are also listed on 11th of December 2020. Also, we accordingly after granting time to be learned also for the respondent that these present matter will be listed on December 2020. The interim order granted earlier to continue to the next day takes place, whole group of matters, that also the entire group can be skeptical of group of writers will be having the list of the 3686 and cognitive matters there are about 510 matters. So please. And cognitive and collected by the Nazis made me I say one thing. Maybe take your Lordships you grateful your losses. Those came back. I used stay back. It's just Yes, I'm staying back. None of the associates we enter many replies that there is one which was filed yesterday. I don't think it must be on record. But the development is there was a direction to conduct stock audit. Yes, that's been undertaken, a report has been filed and produced on record. The petitioner appellant has now filed an additional affidavit yesterday a copy was received by us yesterday, where some of the findings and observations of the auditor are being contradicted and there is some material which have been supplied, this is how the matter stands today. Now, the overall problem is that the there are two basically there is an issue about the cash credit limit. The limit which was originally sanctioned was of 21 crores and it depended upon the actual stock in the book debts. The auditor has submitted a report giving findings that it is not possible to accept the stock which is being claimed by them or the debts which are being claimed by them. Based on that the auditor has said that this drawing power cannot be continued. And according to us, because of the auditor's reports findings, we are not in a position to restructure this entire borrowing that is all the matters. On the last day Mr. Trivedi was requesting for release of his drafts for boroughs of five boroughs whatever is prepared, he says let those routes be written no difficulty you have no difficulty with that gentleman coming forward right. We are not in a position I have tried my level best personally. We also I spoke to the general manager personally and tried to refix the drawing power, but because of the discrepancies and there are so many of them, which is which are mentioned in the audit report, nobody at the bank is in a position to you know, take the burden of this restructuring it is they believe that there are a lot of the the entire report seems to be manipulated or rather the figures are manipulated I'm sorry, but I have not seen many related letters you know, the things will speak for themselves. Let me take my report. Let us see. Let me let me before before that that exercise is undertaken. So let us see the scope of the petition first what was the petition for my argue my melon replied, No I want to find out before my learned friend begins management Did you like this? so far? I was looking forward to it what is simpler, what is not available and, you know, whatever is my favorite method that I'm really entrepreneur not to date slot before I take my loss to the report yes 23rd August 2080. Yes, this is the day on which the mortgage land absolutely wasted in the central government free from all encumbrances wente third August 2018. Not to make any find that notification is at page 84. This is a notification under Section law under Section 33 d of the National Library Act says that this land shall vest absolutely in the central government free from all encumbrances under Section three capital D capital D e d formerly of NHS logic Yes, this is not 15,001 87 square meters of land out of 24,009 41 15,001 87 square meters out of 24,009 41 square meters. So, 921 minus 15 187 remained with the owner yes Renard 24941 minus 15187 remains with not remains the mortgage then comes to the Lord despite the Reserve Bank of India having said that no account should be declared NPA till much despite that circular the RBI declaring my account on 31st January 2020. What is the date of his record of RBI law circular RBI is Valon. 17 September 2019 not to declare any account of the NBA in March 2020. All banks were designed not to declare the accounts and non performing assets NPA till March 2020 and look at the recasting candidates not as they always they did they declared your account as NPA 31st January 20 20/31 January this is Punjab National Bank declaring you as NPA larger business National Highway Authority act nh I Yes was it early? Was that was not the second day 31st January 2020 the third date is will not fourth February 2020. Yes What happened on this day? No the issuing will not 30 to measure the woman or the head cease to be the secured creditor on 23rd August 2018. According to me, they had no business to invoke surfacy act on Fourth of July 2020. No, but then you admit that even assuming that your argument that 15,001 87 square meters has wasted free from all encumbrances in the federal government, not 29,007 34 square meters still remains a secure district with the bank. Yes. Then why not? Why starting to notice bad? Not that's the day the road is about 13 to be offered to me No. No, notice that remaining land on the mainland good parcels of land is full it will security the two parcels not apart from this will not there are parcels of land which have been given value of security for that purpose. They have issued 13 to it appears All right. Not all Fourth of July 2020? Yes, no, they are taking symbolic provision. They are no invoking 13 for Section 13, subsection four, actually under the heading for with reference to $15 187 language has already been vested in the central government. No, but the security is with respect to the entire land of 24,009 21 square meters, not just leases right. 14 for notices not taking symbolic possession with reference to this will not wasted man in the central government 15,001 87 square meters. Alright. What's up? Can you see Lord now they are realizing in the month of January 20, after the Lord one and a half years in writing a letter to the deputy collector that why should this land be not given to me? DEPUTY collectors responding to them. Sorry, we had issued notices after notices public notices you have never turned up. And then after you're issued this notification land is wasted. Now nothing can be done. You don't deserve any amount of compensation. You don't deserve this particular line. Those two replies watch me Can you see our ad pages will or 151 and 154. PAGE 151 and 154 that is a correspondence between the bank and the deputy collector lordship business. Bank is taking up the mantle for the first time after one and a half years on 29 January 2020. There is at page 146. Deputy collector replies to it at page 151 on second March 2021. JOHN National Bank writes one more letter on 29 June after six months. Now, Mr. Tweedy nachi we have taken cognizance of this letter at page 151. In the course of first hearing also logic is the bank not aggrieved in any manner by such stance of the difficulty office of the competent authority special file below application before the DRT. One are not there. They're already there is a writ petition filed by us we have facial civil application a separate petition where we are seeking the direction to the land acquisition authorities to Mr. Trivedi notch, perhaps your entry were as on date is to convince the court that sir, once the land gets vested with the competent authority in terms of provisions of Section three, capital D sub clause two of the Act 1956 as a sad would no longer remain a secured asset with the bank logic, correct? Watch, if that be so because you will not be able to object to the acquisition by the NHS, National Highway Authority, not your pay today. If you succeed on this argument, probably the only advantage you may gain is with regard to compensation logic. And you have made yourself very clear that with respect to other parcels of land which are not acquired by the nhsi, it is open for the Punjab National Bank to proceed in accordance with law. Not you. Correct. Now, now, just a minute, then you may reply. Now, on one hand, the bank is also in a fix because of this letter at page 151. Because your authority says sorry, in so many words, it says no amount can be paid to the Punjab National Bank in this case, in absence of any valid order of recovery of dues from the amount of compensation of the aforesaid acquired land. This issue is now before the single Judge of this high court. Not sure. So there they go. They're taken up to remedies denote them by the repetition as well as they will file people oriented application before the RT. Now, what is the status of the writ application before the single jack any notice issued? What will all parties are there will not thereafter do not procedure because we are giving my loss is the single judge aware of the fact that they have initiated proceedings in the DRT also, I have no idea. Yes Can I can I can despite the same The single judge has entertained the retail application by issuing notice which is yes, bam he answered insert as far as the writ petition which we have filed we are seeking a direction to the authority of the actual acquiring body to the collector to pay the compensation to us. Now, because there is an amount of more than 21 crores 30 crores in fact outstanding. We have also initiated proceedings under the edTPA for recovery of use that is a separate application which we have filed. As far as this 13 to notice and 13 for action is concerned. My learner's transplant has also filed as a securitization application before the DRP, which is also presently pending. So the issue today is whether the compensation which the acquiring authority will now pay, whether it should come to me or whether it should go to my learned friend slang, and a very low I'm entitled to that compensation. It is not about the land anymore. Was this issue raised before the single judge yesterday squarely this issue is raised square and tell us how the single judge has dealt with this issue? Is it petition I have raised this issue my the issue which is sought to be raised by Mr. Trivedi now, was it raised before the single judge? Normally? the matter was adjourned because of me not argue. No, no, no, probably we are not here. What we want to know from you, Mr. Trivedi, and Mr. Sanjana is that before the learned single judge, the order of which is under challenge and the appeal before us today, now at that stage in the single guys, because the single judge whether this issue was raised or not, no, no, sir, I'm sorry. Let me correct my lips. Sorry, my petition notices issue is different. We are not talking about your petition. We are talking about the petition against the president LPs file. Yes, we'll on the ground that this is a jurisdiction issue. Today we are we are asking a simple question whether the single judge had the occasion to deal with this issue of three capital D clause to or not, this can answer this content with to argue not dealt with. So, therefore, therefore, though it was raised it has not been dealt with by the nachi. is what has happened is that there was a separate petition which was taken up by the present petitioner seeking a direction to the competent authority and the National Highway Authority to disburse the money, the compensation in that statement came to be made by by both the National Highway Authority of India as well as the competent authority that notices will be issued as is contemplated under Section three capital H two, and thereafter an appropriate decision will be taken. Nowadays in cases there are two parties who come forward before the competent authority and stake a claim then it is incumbent for the competent authority to make a reference to the civil court and the civil court would thereafter decide instead of adopting that procedure, this case will be by default, this honorable court seeking an adjudication as to who should be given or who should be dispersed the compensation. So instead of the Civil Code, what is now sought to be done is before this honorable Now, now. Now, my last query was with reference to the single digit engine. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah, we have raised this point, we are taken at this point in so many words in a petition do not go raise and under signal judgment or did not take Can we say so logically turn to the petition because of availability of alternative remedies, therefore, there was no reason for the learned single that to deal with. Our argument was this is now raising has been raised with a securitization application filed in the section 17 before the married pay strain para 25 single No, sir. It is not a matter what civil So Mr gela? Yes, sir. You have filed one petition 8710? Yes, only one petition, only one petition. And Mr. Trivedi, you had filed one petition which has been dismissed against which you have preferred this LPA 93579357. Now, other than that, are there any other petitions pending before single judge or filed and disposed off? Sir, one petition was filed by them. Where we are now filed, I'm here for recall of the order pass in that matter. What is the number of that case? That it is a 387? Zero page 138 87? Zero 2020? Yes, in three, seven, June of 2020. It's already disposed off, but we have filed ncfr recall of this order. What is the direction you should take that matter the direction is issued to the concerned authority to decide on the on the question of payment of compensation to the petitioner. The Case of the petitioner was that we are entitled, so provided to seek recall of the solder the issue is at large before the single judge in your petition. No, this was fine before this was fine before. Correct. Now you have taken a decision now one way or the other car, I need to show two provisions before you're not just take a view on this matter one way or the other. There is a clear provision what my learned friend, Mr. Nana pointed out is not the correct position in law. What I would show is that the law clearly recognizes that once a property is mortgaged, and a mortgage property acquired in law, then the compensation has to go to the mortgagee it can never go to the mortgage. And under the securitization act, there is a provision that which I can call upon the acquiring authority to pay the amount to me directly, I will show those two provisions. And so that issue needs to be decided by either the competent authority under the provisions of the Act, or the at large or the learned single judge, why should this appeal be continued ready for the Mr. Trivedi does not make any turn to page q and r four of the London signatories order, right? My point was raised was taken note of and not dealt with. I had taken up this point, we're not at page 25 of the repetition. And then page two panel four in the water. I read below at the time of argument for the petitioners has contended that the notice is no jurisdiction and the respondent bank is no more a secured creditor. And therefore, it may be declared that the notice of acquiring the land is without jurisdiction and it may be declared that the action of the respond banks Maxim manifests in legality and is only misconceived it he will not take note of this contention and ultimately, will or any fashion belong, he says the immoral action, there are six and this was the repetition. I say that I have karma is the action which is without jurisdiction and therefore petition should be entered in just one minute So this is pretty much it and Mr. nanavati. What we propose is that we set aside the order of the learned single judge, club all that matters, the two matters of Mr. sayama. One is an MCA and one is a pending petition that is 8710 and request a large single judge to decide all the three matters on after hearing all the parties together, very unified submission millions, I have no difficulties with that. Emily's what has happened is that parallely they have moved the DRT drts passed in order directing the competent authority to make a deposit fixed deposit or the entire amount of compensation that is completely divorced the provisions of the statute. Now please before this honorable court a statement was made that we shall not disburse it. So that statement is continuing even today. So there is been a single Judge of God dispersing the amount mdrt parently directed us to make a fixed amount. So you deal with that, but how are we concerned with that? Exactly, exactly. Why is this it should be a ratio which you can challenge in a separate proceeding that the auditor the DRT is better than he or not bothered. It is for the competent authority to decide as to who should be paid the compensation. Your your liabilities only have knee pain, the compensation and only a deposit in the compensation that you have done no matter how now difficulty is the district and who doesn't get it is not your concern. Very acknowledge I'm not at all concerned on the last set of hearing and watching said categorically stated that we are free to take possession we wrote to the competent authority the competent authority writes back to us things that we think are required from both parties both parties are informed of the matter is sub judice. None of us direct the government has already to take over position Once you have made the deposit the parties would advise me title to compensation nothing more than that wants to take it can take it without without the banks get it or the opponent. I'm not only only one aspirin not I'm not gonna lie your appeal. No, I'm not touching you know the last time but when that will only be for a while. Would you actually care enough to see page 328? No. No, I'm not going to show this vlog This is all the conduct below what kind of the auditor's report is their auditor report says that I am not in position to confirm the data is not managed without power. So please call a balance confirmation data's bank is not calling I have to lose all the information that I lost when I was showing that I bought the security was rupees 21 crores let me let me assure Mr. Trivedi, there is a lot of material against this plant and we do whatever material might not pay 3.8 only one line for my benefit, not auditor says in the absence of verification and the water from the GST r1 data is up to 90 days remains unconfirmed bank is advised to ask for data's confirmation from the pasty 28 last two lines. The bank is not pouring latos letters live in agony which we have called for yesterday only when they call formula, I have never been requested to produce these letters. This is what today for an independent auditor is saying something which is being contradicted I'm not contradicting that they was requested to call for banners confirmation letters from me. They did not call for when I'm seeing the report for the first time they did not give the report to me. They are filing a report for the first time along with the evidence. I'm producing all the balanced information in Starting with my affinity This represents 21 crores, myelination is trying to raise education as it is in the photo laughs My friend was telling the other day that I have a close uni a 361 onwards you know who will say this is a closed factory? There is a lot that can be said by me always say not to beat a lot every week from the auditor's report ideally I'm not contradicting auditor's report only to say that please call for the confirmation letters from the client they did not call for my report is subject to my producing information it does not give any if the bank is not interested in its money peacefully and amicably and is interested in entering into litigation what can be done yet right. Alright, let me let me say something here, and he's acting like a chameleon. The picture which has been given to Your Lordship is as if the bank is being unreasonable there is enough material on record to show that you saw the closed unit which has recently been restarted. The stock was not available at the end of factory premises without available elsewhere. The stock is overvalued the book dates are overvalued any lordship and does not take everything that has been stated on behalf of the petitioner attic space when there is an auditor's report which completely contradicts what is being stated here. But I don't want to say is please call for the confirmation letters bank is not calling for the confirmation letters and tradition for the first time on my pages we'll all from now 365 to 380 Viale balance information that is what more can be done the buyers conference. We have heard many learned senior advocate assistant step by step dishwasher. Actually whenever I got I actually learned to advocate assisted by Mr. vncserver. Yes, sir. Mr. vivix ever learned counsel for the respondent number one Punjab National Bank and Moloch nanavati lead counsel appearing for the respondent number two National Highway Authority of India the present let us get into P. And because 15 of the liquidity has been preferred, assailing the correctness of the government in order dated 14th August 2020. Not sure what the end of August 2020 whereby the Linux single judge dismissed the special civil application number 9357 of 2020 filed by the president opponents. By means of the set petition, the appellant said the legality, validity and correctness of the notice under Section 13. Two and 13 four of the surfacey Act 2002 issued by the respondent Punjab National Bank. Also next paragraph before us when this model was taken up, really learned Senior Counsel had submitted that the appellants were good pay masters and have been working with the present bank and have been in financial agreement with the player responding bank for years and only for a couple of defaults in payment of installments. The proceedings under the surface the act had been initiated. We have required the opponents to show their bona fides by way of coming forward with bank draft of a piece for cross. This was directed by order dated seventh September 2020. The first order pass and subsequently several orders were passed. However, the fact remains that as of date, no amicable settlement when we arrived at between the bank and the president elect. As there are disputed questions regarding the auditor's report. stocks and book good. Hello, we are not going into that question. The next paragraph she threw at it submitted, let's say content submitted that, although a specific issue was waste, by way of meetings and even during the course of arguments before the limit center judge that once 18,001 87 or 87 square meters of the secured land had be acquired, and stood the western central government. Under Section three, capital D of the National Highways act 1956 hereinafter, referred to as the NHF. Wide notification dated 23rd August 2018 a month the respondent bank would not remain a secured creditor the extent of this land. And as such, the proceedings under the surface II act with respect to such land was unwarranted. Mr. 30, for the submitted that before the line single digit was also an issue. As to apart from the above, it was also an issue as to who would be entitled to receive the compensation under the award made by the competent authority under the nh act, because I was admitted that the learner single judge, although refers to the submission In brief, but has not dealt with the same and relegated the petitioner appellant to approach the debt recovery treadmill by moving an appropriate securitization application under the surface yet next paragraph, Mr. Richardson, general law learned Senior Counsel appearing for the respondent by submitted that the present appellant had earlier filed a special civil application number 8370 of 2020 which had been disposed of white order dated May 22, July 2020, it was 2020 requiring the competent authority under the nh act. Examine with regard to the entitlement of the compensation. Mr. Sanjay Manjula, submits that review I review public recall application has already been filed by the bank. In the same special civil application number 8370 2020. to recall the order dated 22nd July 2020. And two beside the set petition after hearing the bank Mr. Singh general further submits that the bank has preferred another bank as preferred a separate petition being a CA number 8710 of 2020 challenging the order passed by the competent authority denying to make payments of the compensation to the bank upon a request made by the bank also in the same petition, notices have been issued and there is already an interim direction that the amount of compensation deposited by the mha with the statement was shall not be dismissed. The set interview model is dated dated below the 24th July 2020 read the statement was recorded that they will not disclose the competency default July 2020. These the two building proceedings that is the recall application bracket my MCA in SCR number 8370 of 2020 and the ESEA number 8710 of 2020 would inherently be dealing with the question as to whether the Punjab National Bank continues to be a secured creditor and continue with its powers under the surface yet to recover its use from this data set and or further, whether the Punjab national bank would be entitled to receive the compensation for the aforesaid land, which already stands twisted in the central government since 23rd, August 2018 posed the same question, according to Mr. theory was based in the CEA number 9357 of 2020. From the judgment passed in the sec case being under challenged before the for us in the present happy hour would also be the same. And footer set next paragraph, having considered the submissions and having produced a general m single judge, we do find that the same issue although raised in the pleadings of the petition, as also finding mentioned in the judgment will not single judge but no finding having been returned by the single judge. And on the same issues, to other matters, being also pending for consideration before the learned single judge, we deem it appropriate and in the interest of all the parties that didn't it single judge me that all the three matters, that every single judge may decide this issue also. We next paragraph, we accordingly. Check aside the judgment of the learned single judge. We further direct that all the three matters referred to above be clubbed together after obtaining appropriate orders on the administrative side and may be placed before any single judge having jurisdiction leaving it open to the parties to make their respective submissions. For full size, we've also make it clear that we are not directing the length single, we are not we do not require the lead single judge to decide the matter of minutes. And believe it open to the discretion and wisdom of the left single judge to decide all the matters independent of any of the missions made by us all the submissions made by law councils and on the material placed before it in accordance to law. Melissa possess the requisite land single just to make an endeavor to give priority hearing to the above three matters. First of all the parties is an observation number two maintaining those jobs to foreclose. Yes. We since the appeal sense disposed off as above over the backdrop of rupees four crows, the pair by the Zeppelin and the order they just put the seven 920 20. There now we got liquidated by the epilogue. Would you just make an observation about the possession part of it because yes, I will visit Mr. Mulligan RT, which Medallia scopes appear at submits that although the National Highway Authority of India has deposited the entire amount awarded as compensation, but its position is not being delivered. In view of the pending litigations before this court. Full stop, we make it clear that the competent authority will ensure that the position is handed over to the NFA if the nsca has already made the deposit as stated by shaganappi And nothing for the remains against the NSA for depositing towards authorization. Because the dynamic of the parties litigating would be of receiving the compensation and not with respect to any right or left with the line, which has all been vested in the central government power, apparently, to which there is no challenge, either by the bank or by the public's equity. Public Good riddance to bad rubbish? Yes. I'm so sorry. Let's face one more matter of the industry. I very windy so the Act has been challenged by the authority itself and is in case if it is not reached, would your Lordships consider taking it upon priority tomorrow? The bulk of matters are coming up before the coordinate bench tomorrow where they have all been urgent because of the issue, which is what before you launch into this is there 26 petitions which are pending before a court in advance? Let's the issue involved is whether an arbitrator who has been appointed under the SEC by the central government under the Act Lex has the power to remand the matter back to the competent authority for fresh determination. It is in those cases what has happened is that the arbitrator is an LPA that will file an independent SCA, which is listed today before you launch is because in fact it was destroyed in development, please pass instead of the Act has been challenged. You actually device Yes, mille is acid the central government supports us. And over you design the National Authority of India, the National Highway Authority has challenged the worries of the nsi. Yes, well, it's we are saying that the national highways Authority of India act as well as the National Highways Act and the arbitration and conciliation act do not permit the arbitrator to remand the matter back to the competent authority. And in case if such power is read by the arbitrator within the provisions of this act, then to that extent the act is bad because arbitration is an original proceeding one way where does the power of rebound come? Is it mentioned in the I know millions, but what really challenged this, I'm saying that section 353 g five of the Act does not permit remand. So where is the question of charity varies I fail to understand you read it at the most we are asking you a musical you can also do numerology or not it will be placed before lots of solubilities then which matters up before the coordinate bench what happens at the matters before the coordinate bench or the Those were the competence of the in the first instance the competent authority awarded 100 rupees in arbitration was preferred arbitrator remanded the matter back to the competent authority, the competent authority against it from 100 to 10,000 rupees. So now the petitions have been filed seeking a direction that we should be directed to deposit at 10,000 rupees. Now, the arbitrators order is not an award. So therefore I can't even find 34 objections is what in particular the cycle is held. Therefore, we find this repetition saying that the arbitrators order is completely honest with you challenged every single day as this I can't challenge it before the single judge by please the registry has placed in a few watches because we are saying that section 385 has to be read as if it does not confer such power and if it conflicts with section three c five, can you make Well, no single judge very the challenge of what is happening How can you challenge the virus of your own enemies? We are not beneficiary of that, and there is no challenge aside from your submissions, please, we are saying that section three g five does not confer such that interpretation the lender signatures can make but you don't have the registry? Yes, please do. If your Lordships is not before us ability lodges will have to still pass in order. Yes, this is secret number 64 minutes. Number 64. That's a good way to just have that for a moment. Well, it's determination is what is not exhibit 6565 65. On for the arbitrator to be appointed, to be appointed. So he is to determine it one way or the other. How am remedying the matter whatever it is, then you read it the minute that he shows me this can save lives. You just have to create pause for a moment while it's trying to look into your brain. Yes, plus 331 30 minutes? Yes. Starting from page 12. Yes, what is the biggest static page? Well, first time I read it for personal setting aside the order of the arbitrator by which the arbitrator set aside the award declared by the competent authority and remanded the matter proceedings back to the competent authority for fresh determination and the corrected award which is a consequential thing. Secondly, to declare Be advocated to determine the amount of compensation payable for Acquisition as well as the rehab and estimate area. Declaring subsection five or section 3g of the national IDs act to be unconstitutional if it is rare to be permitted, on presumption challenging if you are reading, dammit, he has already passed an order retro signatures can always say that the order is wrong because he doesn't permit or demand. Today what is happening is well is that before the division days, there are petitions seeking and mandamus directing us to make a deposit of the amount pursuant to the second about a separate issue. Don't confuse us and how could you have even drafted this kind of read that you want to pursue something in the provision and then you want to say to be declared as unconstitutional this week to call those objections before the arbitrator the arbitrator saying that I have the power the district collectors, the father. So for that, you need to require 200 declaration over unconscionable I will list it before the division bench billets before the coordinate bench which is taking up the matters under the National Highways act for land acquisition. The bench was of the opinion that unless and until you file a separate petition challenging it we will not entertain it wait. Lists It is for this reason. This division is directed us to do it and that's the reason we did it otherwise all along. We never did it millage. The interpretation has to be of section three g five curriculum, it's simple enough as to whether they are greater has the power to remand or he has to determine it's finally very correct. Now, that his interpretation of section three g five which is to be done, the single judge will do it. The difficulty is that the other matters seeking a mandamus before the division beings that would not make any difference. You are challenging the order of an arbitrator demanding the case say three to five years no powers. I needed your Lordships discretion have no difficulties with this. Yes, Mr. Nana, yes please. The other batch of petitions before the divisions are because of the nomenclature land Agra regeneration act miraculous, correct. Anyway. So according to the roaster, all matters of acquisition will go before a division bench correct. Now, the division bench is not going to decide this issue. That is Excel. Because you have got entangled in that issue before the division bench you thought fit to come up with this application. courier faced this issue correct tumulus. This issue has nothing to do as such with acquisition. Normally, our judges called upon to look into a provision of law of the National Highway Authority and national highways act. This provision confers any power to the arbitrator to remand the matter in those proceedings, where there is a dispute with regard to the quantum of the complainants, Correct, correct. prima facie, it appears that this issue can be decided by the single judge one way or the other and subject to the decision that may be taken those batch of RIT applications before the division bench, they can be ultimately decided. That is our understanding. But millions as the advocate who's appearing for the bar retablo are the petitioners in that court let's make the coordinate bench is insistent that no the money should be deposited. So we requested the honorable division management is to hold it. The matters have now been kept tomorrow must be circulated these matters will be very clearly listed in the corporate board. But since your watches were held up in a part of matter prior to vacationers, they were not taken up abreast deeper directions that are being passed or that we must make a deposit plus it comes to us amount of money and I'm not going to run away. Now either of the parties wins. One is one party is the party whose land is acquired right. Mr. manduca is appearing 35 petitions are in need either of the parties mints, which are the two parties me and me and the private party, they and the National Highway Authority and the private participants any one of us feels that the amount it is it is your competent authority under the Act who is determining the compensation that he acts independently. Please Yes indeed. arbitrator keeper Wait wait wait Mr. collector to see the order give the problem and give the amount. So this competent authority who is the competent authority? magistrate as far as if your losses were to have section three g for a moment, subsection one there have directs the competent authority to determine the amount of money that is liable to be paid for compensation. He determines X amount of money in case if either of the parties that is According to the amount is on a higher side, and according to Mr. Magoo care, the amount is on a lower side, correct? That's the problem nucleus, correct on the demand on the real name, the competent authority go correct. So, Robert is ordinary determine gazco also. Now, we are upon remand, the amount is redetermined. he determined to 10,000 it has increased 10 times from 1000 to 10,000. Correct. So, what we have done is that we had paid originally determined the amount we took possession now that the competent authority has been remanded the matter in the competent authority is redetermine. The matter? They are saying that he is under challenge in this petition. Yes, well, it's because now they're saying that I cannot take possession if you're ready to start the provisions of the act for a moment minutes. Just one minute minutes. Section three, three, H three h requires me to deposit the money you to position. Me correct. You will milega search and then search for pc 30 give us disperse it for this reason why I came to the screen with my favorite soccer project. And that is the resisting the possession. You can watch. It's a section 3g. Yes, we are ready. We are ready. Because of your prayer in terms of six seats. Yes, please. The matter has come up before us. Yes, that's one, one. Just before me, there are two things. One, I want to represent that those bunch of 26 butters are pending before the single judge. No, that's all they have before the division bench. Now all acquisition matters are to be heard by division which we can treat this battle also to be part of acquisition only made the determination of competition but under the acquisition act only getting the difficulty of going deeper The sooner we are telling you why we are not sending you back those integers we are inclined to entertain this petition here only notices have not been issued so far. It's a fresh matter and you are challenging the order of the arbitrator and the subsequent order of the competent authority, competent authority and you understand that so two orders 24th August 2019 yes minutes and third of April 2018. These are the two orders are 25th. January, January 2018 minutes, that is yet arbitrators award, this arbitral Award is three for 2018. And the subsequent order is 24th August 2018 1999. After a month after the bundle, you don't want to miss a sequence of events is in my statement can also be recorded is when the first first order by the competent authority under Section three g one came to be declared on 20 512 1080. Now you have friends coming up. Mr. Monkey also lives Yes, yes. Unless he's already appearing in this matter. Please. He is for the person who is now seeking the compensation the enhanced compensation. No, no. Is your party a petitioner in the coding adventures petition? Okay. Your litigation was landholders he will appear for other industries. Yes, minutes. Yep. Yes. So much for watching. Number four. Good. Lord, I don't know what it's been argued before my Lord. So this is a matter of fish matter in which notices have not been issued so far. Yes. And it is a petition by National Authority of India. Yes, you are bidding in this case, I will help you coordinate matters that a group of 27 meters. All right now, in this petition, you have a copy of this petition? Yes, I have. The relief they have claimed is for quashing of the order of the arbitrator and the subsequent order passed by the competent authority. But it's the principle of equations will apply and is seeking not is not that order of remand is taken apart. He has proceeded with the entire reappraisal of the evidences and the gray compensations then a lot he did not do anything. That amount is not paid there for this honorable court directed him to deposit the money. They made a statement. But they're not accosted. separately. I'm not I'm audible to my Lord. Yes, that formula, this petition would not be maintainable for him principle of equations will apply to the part in the entire proceedings. And then he wrote he said that there was no power of remand, that remanded proceeding and finally concluded, he has to go into sections that he did not agree with in order before as the argument advances, that the agitator had no power to remand the matter, but that that was the argument, not say the legal position question is whether the arbitrator had the power to demand or did not have the power to demand whether power is there or not here, the quadruped Ed proceedings, they can be no estoppel against law. That's what we're trying to understand. you're someone who cares whether the arbitrator under Section three g five will have the power to demand or not, or the arbitrator will have to himself determine the composition. But he already indirectly concede that there is a power therefore he said that he cannot create Law Lawyers to read manga. So we have to read the provision and see whether the power of review demand was there or not, was a major former notice or lunch? Yes. There are two decisions I have shared with your Lordships blades of the my critici code. We have heard of Moloch nanavati. That counsel for the petitioner. Now you want us to record your presence or not actually be among Rukia along with a bit of a buddy appearing for this party number four? Yes, it's one of the four rules that you should notice. But not only he challenges the virus of section three g of the nation that is neither here nor there. There's no question of challenging a virus. That's really once my lord is no no we we are not accepting that prayer that where he will delete it is a question of interpretation whether 3g five will give power to the aggregator to remand or not or declaration is unconstitutional. That is that is a misconceived prayer. Ultimate recorded Yes. So we will not record it is misconceived, we say that Mr. nanoclay will delete that page. heading over the rollover via symbolic and it at the outset stated that relief number six record proceed is not being pressed and the same may be permitted to be deleted. But we shall grant it. It is further submitted by shinano D. that the arbitrator under Section three g three capital G bracket B five of the National Highways act 1956 Okay, well, this reads as follows. sport car viega. Carnival Higa has no power to remand the matter to the competent authority. The only power vested with the arbitrator is to determine the compensation. What is can I just I'm so sorry to interrupt, because we also have a look at section six, the arbitrator to conduct the proceedings as per the provisions of the Arbitration Act. under the provisions of the Arbitration Act, he has no power to damage the matter. decided that is your art. That is your argument. Yes, both? Yes, it's since obviously, everyone here has no power to remark, either to the competent authority, only power vested with the arbitrator Arbitration Act. Can you help determine the compensation on the basis of consideration of the material as provided under subsection seven of section three capital G of the Act. This puts up in the present case. The arbitrator procedure to remand the matter to the competent authority, which was beyond the power vested in me was a case for include religious meta to further orders of this court, the effective operation of the immune award, if you notice dated 23rd April 2018. And the subsequent award given by the competent authority dated 24th August 2019. shall remain state provided the applicant the petitioner deposits the amount with the competent authority within one month from today. However, the set amount shall not be disbursed without further further orders of this court, there is a change in the law plus the rules now require me to only increase the authorization limit which I've already done. So please, here the law was that I need to deposit it now I need to increase the authorization limit I've already done that whatever we are more of satisfying the payment of competition you can then use the logic as a deposit instead of the one deposit rate increase your transition. Yes. Also and your day to day management may perhaps be for responding number to these 80 degrees. You should notice how to better the I already follow up in register lots of my direct registry to show my neighbor Yes, this will appear when the matters is it Next, the name of Mr. B Mr. Rukia and Miss Bella property advocate we printed from the side of respondent gleefully skipping on often notice it will come on returnable date. Some only be possible. Sorry, Somali date a possible Somali date will be February. Nobody does. So it's too long brothers. We have the We are losing the landlord getting the money January side of the vacation not a small issue not I will satisfy me over the years all power and this tradition will not be tenable which is 3400 available to them I guess Yes. On this side of the equation on this side of the equation will not be possible we will have at the opening of January because we are conscious of that because the fifth of January is split we do not choose not if we like all the above matter was taken up upon I mentioned being made by Mr. Mulligan at expressing urgency to the extent that a group of petitions filed by the land holders are pending before ordinance bench seeking direction to make the payment of the enhanced competition. If the petition is not taken, the petition of MCA would suffer irreparable deputy watchers is my level. Yes. Mr. rihel p gem and said they want to get your hand shocked. Probably the government will be appearing for respond number three manner she she may be in the waiting room. Older. Senior so the way Michelle was the very least we wouldn't be in the region. Today one Yes. He joins me on the very LDLC. Stein here in zenbu enkhuizen. This is an LPA against an interim order. We were on the very last day the matter was listed before Roxy. So unfortunately, he missed out on Serbia Poppy and that is our watches and kept it today. This is a matter of my last week correct follow up. On the repetition of section well see of the Liberty Central Council act and permission was denied to the petitioner for moving an application will not permit me to recalculate the facts in itself. But at the end of the day, hello the petitioner college mudan application is there is a trust followed the Moodle application for the activity to complete 91 establishing a college prep from the academic year 2018 90. But, Mr. Diaz, what are your instructions? First and foremost, and at the outset mirrors let me say this, that there is no denial of permission mirrors, he never applied for renewal, does the provisions require him to make an application in time for the purpose of renewal, which he never made? And to re enroll also knows if he says that he was looking for any communication that because I will be good. Well bear in mind 2018 I don't know what happened. 2018 19 we were denied permission. We filed the petition my buddy's honorable court. Hello page 15 is the order pursuant to which we were granted permission. 2018 90 Milan it was due for renewal in the academic year 2019 20. Milan to be submitted papers in time for the purpose of renewal, but they declined to process on the Get out and get the permission. So maybe again, we'll dishonorable court, dishonorable court, by way of an imperial order directing them to consider the order passed by this horrible court and it is collected having the permission pursue the order of the formidable court and preserve the application for expansion of permission for the academic year 19. But they again two cars can be put in the vehicle never granted the permission to honorable court might have granted the permission that is inconsequential. Les Brown, he was taken up that approach and be vulnerable board directed the permission. Just a minute. Yes, Mr. Over 1920 also they declined to process our application. The physical form against that language often difficult for me was there going to be more dishonorable code before medical court say your approach is erroneous and be vulnerable upon granting the permission you can see they are not. Despite that, they mentioned before this honorable court they will not like to post an application at all. So this will enable for passive order person to be granted permanent academic. We might even resort to them to carry out the expected input in return. For 1921 and 2021, we will again be required to approach for extension of permission. So all before lockdown mode we were required to submit in the physical form or the required document for the purpose of extension of permission law for which they were required to issue institutional code and teacher formula to go towards the pending act was seven will be wrote an email to them on 14 November 2019 and 16 November 2019, page 43 and 44 sexually providers the Nexus so that we can submit the requisite details in that respect. Now page 43 and 44 are the email between Go to demo page 43 tiny little ID and password generate intersport equals 2.2 which could barely cry again page 45 that we're never giving you the permission is 45 is not found in our list of college jerrican is again the same thing in community like this interesting. Mr. Bass my notes please complete the order passed by this court on page 131 logically this 130 130 means you're referring to the ordering do not earlier on yesterday yes no no it was said that they were required to comply with section 12 c not for the moment before I respond to a query minnows I permit main manasu point clarified two aspects not subject to rocky permitting me to do so, first aspect that I would want to clarify is if this all the data lawsuits are referring to notes is pertaining to the previous year, where I may not be in a position to dispute anything as to what will happen there ultimately dishonorable partners directed us in that direction was complaining, we want a simple and straight answer from you, whether when we see as amended in 2018 with effect from 18 to 2018. Is it applicable to the present appellant or not? Yes, let me answer it in a very strange manner mirrors as an officer of the court, I will say that there probably would not apply because the mirrors came into force on 18 to may 2018. Therefore, it is not zero subsequent and therefore, it may not apply at the same time while I say that, so, kindly refer to regulation 11 which are watching to find out equation number z, that is their paragraph number mulaudzi. of the inferior order which is forming part of the paragraph number seven. tying it on to that, sir. So, that precisely is my case, via your turn to permit me to say this Not any existing college millage. Under this regulation, regulation three contemplates that it is mandatory. so far is regulations numbers for two years or so so is concerned, namely four to 13. Our concern number is regulation 11 data losses we'll find in paragraph number page number 01 at the bottom. So, we need not go to 20 at all today. Kindly permit me to read regulation number 11 sub regulation number two. Now, why I'm saying this is for two reasons, but first, permit me to do this says he says so, there is no dispute or calm about it that this is a mandatory requirement under the Act as also under the regulation regulation three, where you can see from your contemporaries it says 11 to says said this is what is why specific requirement of new policies. Now, he won't dispute that he falls under 11 he can't Now let us see for 11 two the permission to establish a medical college now we are in the present case means get permission is granted by earlier imprimatur get a lawsuit referred to act number 130 no dispute with regard to medical college and admit students may be granted initially for a period of one year and may be renewed on yearly basis subject to verification of fulfilment of your wise requirements, as mentioned under subregulation one and it shall be now this is relevant sir. So, he respected the fact that he granted him permission or this honorable court granted him permission for the institution and admission of students. So, this is required to be mandatory followed by every institution. Now, so permit me to read this putting a lot of emphasis here. And it shall be the responsibility of the college to apply to the Central Council of homeopathy for the purpose of renewal, six months prior to the expiry of initial permission, now, if I take that this honorable court has granted him permission, so, he was called upon to go by Regulation A level two, now, permit me to read further, all the expiry of initial permission, this process will continue till such time the establishment of the Medical College is completed for passing out of customers. So, namely was for first five years, now, this is required to be mandatorily followed by him. So I'm making a very conscious statement even as an officer of the court, so, let him point out that if at all, he has made any application in the relevant to for this next academic year or the current academic year, which we may not have processed and we may have declared him the permission yesterday, what do you say to this Hello, my nose may turn to page 43 for the purpose of submitting data in need to generate institutional code and password which was never given to me therefore, before the expiry of six months, on 14 November 2019, I wrote to them the Ministry of iOS nccn will have first got page 43 kindly say institutional ID and password for to generate features for for government for the college. So in stay mode on page 44, to which the answer key in November 2018. On page 45, that he cannot be given because you are not on our list for them. Let me know that you want to compete we are here on page 46. Let's sir we are having permission by Can you say on what are you saying we are not having the permission. And despite that Milan, in the physical form Milan lobby also submitted on page 40, Milan for July 2020. When they were not responding a lot we just put in a physical permit. Submit your details now this current year. Your first permission is on which page for my commission on page 15. Order of the 1.1515. We will find our people are a good word for the first year. Wait a minute 1.15 the order of the learned single judge one fight is the order of the learned single judge in SCA 12768 Where is that permission granted to you by the central government will embarrass people submission they are not permitted pursuant to the order issued the formal permission but they are required to issue a consistent practice. There is no science there is no order of the central government per se people are able to say that we grant you the permission. we are required to formally issue the data Writing bigger statement more reliable we have what the order can be vulnerable for permission, you always mentioned that we are not required to receive in the form of permission. So, today if I want to start a homeopathy college straightaway I can open a college one application before the central government various application and various the order passed upon that application, that order was order of denial, which was telling in April was the vulnerable thought on Mary's been that information was absolutely not just the pipe read that part of the audit read that paragraph nine complete maybe read it under the LS now, tell us when you applied for the first time and the permission was declined it was declined On what grounds it was declined on the grounds that we were having deficiency deficiencies okay. examination because get us to that honor of definitions will be published in the order basically, page one six paragraph 3.3 full time office full time professor is not available in the department. So in so right, yes. Now, let us see. Now let us see what was found to be non existent. Now come to para nine of the audit read it. Under these circumstances, the ratio laid down by the division by two people in the case of oil, so what just went through and the numbers went and I bet that would come into play. And therefore provisions containing sectors were equal of the s&p equity is one number one has not passed any order either approving or disapproving the scheme under Section four within a period of one year that is that is right in containing that on completion of the period of one year, giving formulas Continuing from sector to have access and to speak, talk stop. Is this order accepted by the central government? Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. Right. So the for the single judge took the view that by virtue of deeming provision, sanction is deemed to have been granted. And also in very verbose paragraph a managed existence. Well, now, rightly or wrongly, whatever permission is deemed to have been granted to you has a life of one year. Yes. Right. Now, it appears that after this honor was passed, though accepted by the central government, still, your name did not figure on this site, whatever. Maybe the site when you try to apply for a fresh sanction from the central government, correct. This is a debate. Yes. Despite these our name moves during the removal process, students were allotted by the admission committee. Not despite that merely because recently it will be basically because this DCP snip portal squint, really is new still fresh petition keep doing? What I propose to say is that permission was granted. We didn't challenge the order. We went by the order. Nonetheless 11 tumulus v permission granted by us or by this honorable court said every institution before completion of six months, we're not here to make that decision. Only those applications were. Question is, where do they where do they apply takes months to come to an end while they're on the fence? Not only those names will be reflected in the lease will apply to me not complying with 11 that's what that is what Mr. Devine is saying that in December November 2019. They wanted to apply They are requesting you for a login id password where to apply you don't even issue that no sir Sir permit me to clarify that. So, permit me to clarify that that is the assumption yes on what is the correspondence which says that we were requesting for a password or login ID and a password to apply for anyone, but you don't release that no sir the first time permit me to say this sir What is the least that he is referring to? Sir permit me to say this Sir 11 to require supposing today, if we permit him to apply, just listen to in whatever way you may suggest, you may permit him to apply on portal or either by issuing those the login id password teachers code right 30 minute class supposing if we permit him to apply merely because he applies would not necessarily mean to you have to grant him the permission naturally, but if we permit him to apply it is open for you to take an appropriate decision of search. So, that's it second is my apologies, let us proceed on the foot think he was permitted by the portal to apply and he would have applied in accordance with rules regulations. prima facie it appears from your arguments that such permission would have been declined on the strength of Section 11 of the act right. No, not right now. Not right in my humble submission, okay, then then it would have been declined On what grounds? Sir, this is precisely where we are going wrong, there is nothing to presume that is having declined. Why is he would have made an application, sir. You will you allow Will you allow him today to apply? And then we leave it to you to take an appropriate decision. That said the regulations would not permit him to apply for this year, he can apply for 2122 but what about the students 2021 no prejudice to students are no Giovanni to students. So Gary Hauser only hear me for three minutes and with all these issues would become very clear. Works. Do you have three minutes, nine minutes. What happens is when an institution is granted permission, which is always considered under the regulations to be provisional, for the first five years, till the first race clears, now means permission be granted by us or guaranteed by this honorable court's order mirrors is ultimately a permission. Now, regulation 11 two says that every such college will have to apply prior to six months of completion of the town. Now, when I take that this valuable for granted him permission for the year 1920. So the renewal permission for 2021 was required to be made by him invoking 11 to serve data application was never made, now presuming that that application is made. So what will happen once that application is made, his name will figure records in the list of citizens who have applied for renewal. Now, since this Khurana 10 happened, we decided that physical verification for a limited period may not be possible. So those institutions were granted, those who are figuring in the list who will apply for renewal. Those permissions were granted a username ID and password where they were required to submit documents online. those documents will be taken into consideration when the situation was restored to normalcy was the physical verification we'll start with infection started for other policies upon physical verification below GPS is ultimately found that these efficiencies mirrors which I pointed out earlier are in dealt with or are now non existent. So permissions will be granted for one year, if those existence will not they are found to be existent, because permission will be declined and you will be asked to rectify those deficiencies will not so that is the procedure that will happen. Now, that procedure has to take place upon their being making an application now your mirrors for 2021 the newer Madden application now since that application was not where there is no question of giving them user name or ID etc. Now your physical verification is started. Today Millers if they apply me not invoking 11 to use their application for 2122 will be considered mirrors and appropriate orders will be passed either granting or declining. Now mirrors those students will also conscious of the fact that what would happen to those students, so those students are permitted pursuant to law seems odd is not we have studied there for two years, because they will go to next standard, the recognition is not canceled, what is denied or what is not being granted is new students, right. Yes sir 2020 just tell us you just tell us one thing, whether that application for renewal which was to be moved six months before the expiry of the academic session 2019 20 Yes, where was supposed to be given all through online portal or through cell through physical form. Now, we are dealing with a college sir, which is really very conscious hospitals, regulations, rules provisions of that, because they are invoking it said there is an amendment in 2019 rolls in provisions, that search application is required to be made with a draft of rupees two lakh meters to central government, central government will follow you to the competent authority, which will verify the veracity of the application in the contents hearing, then he will furnish the report on the basis of that report. If no discrepancies are found, central government will grant permission. Now, honorable Fs thought says that those students who have continued to study they will continue to study if ultimately the recognition is not granted at a later stage. So those students will be adjusted in other Institute's if the permission is granted, the students will continue. So there is no prejudice to students who have already admitted it is only for this year that this permission is not granted because they didn't apply learned Singleton by way of an injury model refuses to grant injury, that is the subject matter of LPs are the learned single gfrc is that this this matter, along with the main matter, which is for the period since it is at large, let all these matters work together, but I don't deem it appropriate to gradually considering various sexual aspects as also various decisions right from NC medical GCSE, logical Institute. All right. All right. Mr. Dawei. Is this your case that the renewal application was to be moved through online portal? Yes. Hello, I need to speak man. With further question. Have you said anywhere that there is no other mode for you to submit your renewal application other than an online portal? Yes, in my reference for the representation, there is that provision which says that only online portal applications is there people that do eboard I am asking you the relevant provision, where is the specific government followed and silent on either side? Pamela, one more aspect. So what is the current academic theories concern? Can you give us the date on which six months period expired sometime in June? It was fair in June, the last day to apply if you apply the period of six months would have would which what would be that date? December 2019. November 2019. Word huh. This is the way my 27th of July six month follow up because I have granted permission pursuant to the automobile one. Forget the permission. The academic year would end when here was started with the pet from Milan. September. December was when I realized concern last year NATO extended the chairman up a lot like Rupert and he said request was made immediately after three months mark. PAGE 45 was a critic impugned order his last five lines as is my pasta. Well, my request is very time So, in fact he himself had conceded to the fact that they never applied emerges from phase s, he himself had considered whereas these are applied for the series confirm a time limit is given a group by by themselves based on account of the pain to meet those will genuinely meet the bus model. Now, we were given a portable as the model when when a piece populate their own decision policy procedure to extend the time limit before the current date is mentioned, only to online portal to page 48 kB July 2020. Decision policy decision for a corporation Yes, Mr. Vyas liners, Mr. Cloud Service client was fortunate enough to get the benefit of some deeming provision for the permission right right. Now, if you come back on page 71, later, yes, when as you you pointed out certain deficiencies. Yes. On the strength of which you declined to grant the permission, might not have these deficiencies would remain as they are for the time being? Yes, but still, he could avail the benefit of the deeming provision, and he got the permission like 1819 1920. For two years, has continued with these deficiencies. I'm sorry to interrupt these deficiencies were found to be non existent, by issuing deeming permission or the first order to count first metrics and how they would be rendered non existent. Mr. Davi might not be seen page 17 of the government lobby pointed out this that decencies have been wrongly recorded, be given submission, we give reasons for that, then using ledger excepted I know it may seem like people are hearing committee also via material because you know, what am I going to be 17 paragraph 2.4 after putting deficiencies, learn new single Jazz's examine the vital marriage of all are followed. So now the problem now the only question is for the purpose of 2021. Have you in fact missed the bus? If the answer is yes, whether we can now permit you to apply a fresh asking the other side to take an appropriate decision or in the last whether to permit you to apply for 2120. I know well first of all, if we if I go by the submission of my Indian friends, I was required to apply within a period of six months for the next academic year, but I would an application on what we've seen in time, too. Normally what happens My Lord that application is you are asking for some login id password Where is that without that I cannot submit you show us at the table saying that he says you are not providing the login id password I am unable to apply for I have pointed out that on page 40 other references page 46. As you know when you are all in a room when email dated 14 November 2019. We are requested incidents are being passed for deleting details so that based upon the same request the details as prescribed by the sap based on information form can be submitted by us first neighbors the council and the IU to consider our calling for accidental electrical both academic year 2020 21 in response to the mo I am asking you a simple question Where is your case saying that since you have not provided it password Therefore, I am unable to apply for anyone that I didn't even know for the current academic year the tiny issue is not a significant pays 48 was a policy decision that in view of the pending, but they formed an application online in a different format with the open sky people physically inspected would not be possible that the files will they will take a one year old paragraph to let him know he is getting married exactly what it says. Is it a complete mess or not number 48. Games like 2020, central counselor in consultative Ministry of policy decision, as you know, that goes to all qualities I was born into them and I was excluded. Well, even for the time being live zoom against me for the time being that I missed the bus. I accept the argument without my Park contract and pension plan even though the end of July 2020 is meant for all even those who have missed the bus. Have you complied with the 10 July letter. Again, we'll get into that later periodicities I must have my login password from day one. And secondly, more in physical form. I submitted immediately even a physical bump a 50 by the middle portion for July 2020. in physical form and last week was 28th of July. In physical format I submitted the same details to their notification I submitted in the physical format also. Emily penalty is not applicable to me even for those who is tells you that once again tiny bit is extended to six populi, but being from any angle they don't want to examine my marriage plan entitled to that. What were the widows and 45 when you are not in our lives when we were getting realized now Mr. Vyas Have you received this physical application is running on from page 50 onwards. I know the opposite of won't be able to say yes or no to it. Let me be very short and clear about it. This is the only issue it has not applied he says he has applied in physical form on Fourth of July. It was accepted by you till sixth of July. So therefore this was within time, and therefore what that's all therefore said what assumes greater significance this page As his own statement mirrors kindly turn to page s of the impure order enzyme from the bottom he himself to the fact that he never applied to know there are two things one is application to the central government that is the Ministry of are used which is yes, he was not required to do that, because he admits that led to the Central Council of nobody. Now, so, therefore, to apply to the homeopathy Central Council and the cch has not taken any decision yesterday. So, for that he needs to point out to a lot of tech before 17th of may 2019 because he must have applied now he says in his own submissions without he confusing where it landed single records, he It was his own submissions or permit me to read only three lines. He says the present situation according to Mr. The way is never been made any such application for renewal of permission to the Minister of iOS in the formatting console. Yes, we are my my property will permit me to hit finding now there are contingent that I would now read the findings of the honorable court let's not go by se number eight basically record this that he has not made any application. This is a way for me to Sir entertain any search application which is made belatedly now if the honorable court so direct switch today, in the month of December last year, in 2020, sir only methodology available to me to consider the replication will be for year 2122. That is precisely what I'm saying sir. So the outset is he doesn't want to come to the authorities removing the deficiency so he approaches his report every year to see my apologies. And we'll have one more last single record editing granting permission this year so far. Not only the day before yesterday, only five or six quality with Gary permission yet the procedure went on and got late. But yet the puzzle is weighing on Mr. Davi today, what do you expect us to do what? recollect we're inclined to partner up American adventure, I would like to take instruction might listen to my name. Today this appeal is against an imprimatur Civil War. What order Do you expect to buy? request that less than your direction? login id passport and teacher sport so that I can upload the information we have provided to them in physical form as well. For the academic year 2021. Right, it will be one years and for which courses are going on for mobility of the politics. I'd say five or six qualities are all qualities are still waiting for the permission of justice. Where is justice was ordered on which page is page one five. And where is justice? Order is 130130130. Apart from these two petition a petition pending Yes. After Justin wishto passed an order granting the permission to override that they passed an order with knowing the permission which was telling justice Kobe pasa detail order, getting the practice saying there is an order but that order my letters, unfortunately not the order in which the number will have 596 of 2020. Also stable on saying that these operatives my log base is the operative part 498596498 financing, financing. That is also pending. That is also pending. They are finally replaced them for purchase pending, your petition pending are two, three, the carbon is this appraisal permit? And here is my page 1308574596. And just is what it was the final one Mary's gonna give me the next. One does his wife know that on page 130 This is a recalcitrant effort on their part, that they're despite oppositely being given to them to reapply their mind, they are coming up with the same plea deal now granted the permission that we can consider for extension. And after the submission of the order, they have the audacity to pass another order without withdrawing that permission, which was telling and does this go get past? That a little while ago, we asked you a specific question Where is the permission granted by the central government person? You said that there is no audit in order to again, order pursuant to the order passed by the vulnerable board granting the permission. They are formerly required to upgrade their lease update delivery they are not done. But in manuscript submission consistently. They where the orders are passed by the former liberal court. This means interfering with the order of the future passed by them and granting the permission or unless the matter which is through honorable Supreme Court is only one piece where you're going to be able to print or whatever honorable Supreme Court did not interfere. There are only the past Milan and aquatimer order of granting permission and completing the rule. But I'm making a statement at this time was taken earlier honorable men to be vulnerable, whether all ready as is involved is strongly was taken that once we pass the order, you will know right to be told will be required to file a contempt petition. Now where is the procedure prescribed for applying for renewal and everything under the portal and the login and password in 2018 19 whether it was physical form from nine to 20, they evolved a procedure whereby we are required to submit online. So what is current academic year is concerned 2021 left be 48 would indicate they themselves have stated that it will be only online. And what we did last week was 20th of July 2020. Pay 48 pleasuring for the sake of the argument that Melinda says that there is nothing on the record to show apply online and not in the physical format and accepting a statement for the time being. Claim page two for the current academic year 920 21 when envel inspection is yet to be online. No requirement is the last paragraph. I must accept my password. Mr Vyas yes there are two things you have to answer when we wanted answer at 233 number one on page 48 laid out the last paragraph not simply this payloads This is a letter issued by the Secretary of the Central Council of them budget to all the medical colleges of a particular language. And second paragraph reads the academic year 2021 is going to commence very soon. And the annual inspection violation is yet to be conducted with revision therefore considering the prevalence issue in the country dubis owns ozone ozone. So then my second next paragraph for requested you to provide the information in attached online linking link using your teachers code credentials login ID and password for permission and denial. Now, this is what he's saying that he has not been provided the login ID and password. So therefore, he could not apply and he has been requesting this is November 2019. Alright, so you have to answer about this what is this procedure on page 50 onwards, page up the covering letter, my notes, although it is not by this petitioner appellant, but it is by the principle of gandhinagar. The Medical College as a medical college that is run by the patrons of the Medical College has submitted this in physical form, whether it has been the council or not. Now, this runs into a board at bit is largely from page 50 up to page 129 miles. So you find out whether this has been received in the council or not. And make a statement at 230 minus then accordingly we will deal with this matter. I simply do what I said before my lord only asked him to come up with a dividend based model he might not be correct. Justice cobia refer to that also during the same practice that we will not recognize you because you know, let's not talk general things you know, otherwise there is so much to be saved without let's confine ourselves to the medicine. I'll revert your oxy project to 30. Yes. Till then. appropriate to permit me to leave notes. Yes, Miss Mary. Now we have Mr. pavich troxy. With us in the fight. My wish talks is sort of almost apart, but now we know how to work with the neck of the minority. day we'll Pericles. My Lords Mr. sonae percent is appearing he's leading counsel, but the respondents may be permitted to be added to the video conference. Mr. Pollack will be appearing sir. Mr. Pollack and Mr. meyen Jane They both my lords Mr. Sonia Hussein is appearing. He's a leading counsel, but the respondents may be permitted to be added to the video conference. Somebody is playing up. Somebody is playing the YouTube video, please switch it off or reduce the volume to zero. That sir? Yes. Can you hear me? Yes. Well, let's there is also a lawyer from Bombay, Mr. Manish Jain who is there if if he can also be invited for the year, he's already there. And then very, very, very, very much the issue involved in this case is that the provisions of the GST act will not provide for a particular kind of investigation in the context of what is called profiteering. But my notes the acting question itself has various safeguards. The act in question itself provides for various procedures. The act in question itself provides for certain foundational facts to be satisfied before an invoice inquiry can start. No, Manoj in this case, I would respectfully submit that the provisions of the act in the context of the safeguards are not followed at all. One object is our said that the inquiry the exclusive without jurisdiction, number one, number two, that it is bad in the context of the time limit provided under the Act. And number three, it is on the face of it opposed to the direct provisions of the Act. One of them obviously not on the merits of the inquiry, as I cannot be my watch. I understand most of the time in judicial review. But I'll be able to satisfy your Lordships beyond the shadow of a doubt that the entire inquiry, let's face it without jurisdiction, but there is also violation of natural justice. And also it is clear opposed to the provisions of law. Yes, with this brief background, please. I will look at section 171. Now you are challenging the inquiry in this petition. Yes, yes. I'm challenging the inquiry. 7171 section 171. Read my notes. Yes. It says anti profiteering measure. Teacher let's get in your marriage. I'm not on the I'm not on the virus. I can't challenge given up right. I've been given. I've given up the virus your Lordships. were super important. Yes, yes. Yes. I'm modern virus molecule watching a lot of Yes, 171 v 171. mnos. Anti profiteering measure. Any reduction in rate of tax on any supply of goods or services or the benefit of input tax credit shall be passed on to the recipient by way of commensurate reduction in price. I'm going to read that again. For my satisfaction, any reduction in rate of tax that is number one, or any supply of goods or service or any benefit of input tax credit shall be passed on to the recipient by way of your logical policy, commensurate reduction in price. One, this is the only section so far as the act is concerned, so far as profiteering is concerned. I would respectfully submit that this is it's not obvious what it means. I will take a very simple illustration first molars, let us say that in a given case, the rate of tax was let us say 15%. And without more, everything being equal credit etc being equal. The government reduces the tax from 15% to 10%. So by law, there is a 5% reduction in the tax which the government grants To a manufacturer or to a supplier of goods under the GST. Now, simply put, this section therefore requires that this 5% that you are given by virtue of this tax rebate, you should pass on to the customer Manasa Therefore, my final pricing in the context of what I am charging the customer including of tax should be less by 5%. So, far as such a simple case is concerned there could be no difficulties but, unfortunately, there are cases which lead to certain complications and I'll tell you a logic how the complication arises. For example, like the case So, far as the present case is concerned, one was we run a restaurant and we run various restaurants milords under the name of Pizza Hut, but as we are a franchisee running at the relevant point of time manage around 89 to 85 restaurants at the relevant point of time in the country, some of which were in Gujarat, why not? There are various wave of the franchisee working as a matter of fact, therefore, admittedly leading to 788 different items which were supplied at these franchises. Nominal earlier when the raid was made applicable the rate of tax applicable was 18%. So, the first time when service tax got levied on 20 862 1017 the rate of tax levied was 18%. So, if in my restaurant, I supply a coffee, then I have to I have to give this 18% tax, if I supply a pizza, I have to give 18% tax if somebody supplied takes a pizza plus some cheese steaks or a plus a Coca Cola, whatever it is, I have to supply I have to give it with this 18% tax. Now, what transpired my loss was that on 15th of November 2017 is amount of tax you would recover in the bill from the customer I of course Therefore, I do recover that much less than your Lordships is very right. Therefore suppose earlier your Lordships are right. That is the nature of any indirect tax. Suppose the rate of tax is 18%. I would be recovering this 18% in my bill. And that 18% I wouldn't be handing over to the government because it is a tax. I hope I'm clear my lunch I hope it answered your Lordships very, suppose therefore, that rate was reduced from 18% simple case 18% to 10% let us say, I don't suppose you you are in the business of a restaurant team. Right now, it is obviously for you to determine the price of a particular type of pizza where the Grateful miners right now, the price may vary from visa to visa, very grateful rate of tax would remain the same. Let's say for example 18% Yes, a customer comes and purchases visa worth is 200 Yes. Then on this 200 you will charge that duty correct the attacker record this amount also you will recover from the custom correct one of your Lordships are right to be paid to the government to them to be paid to the government. Your ships are there too. 18% on 200 correct my lunch. And that would be the final price which the customer would pay to you very right manners very right. You would recover the amount whatever has been fixed by you and the tax component goes to very right. Very, very, Your Worship, sir. Now you said 18%. Let's go by this 18%. Yes. The whole thing if it is reduced by 3%? Yes. And now it is 15%. Yes, my life. Right, then I will be charging only 15%. Correct. If everything was equal, it would be very easy. My Lords, my billing amount would remain the same. If everything are equal, I'll tell you a lot since I don't want to fall into this calculation mess because it is not relevant for my arguments. But I still want to explain it to your Lordships. It's not relevant for my arguments. But let me still clarify this aspect. There is no difference between me and the department here. It's a very good question. Of course, of course. Of course. Of course I this inquiry. On what basis this inquiry has been an issue. I will tell you I'm not sure I did. But give me two minutes. Give me two minutes. I'm grateful Give me two minutes. All things being equal, if the nature of taxation remained the same, but there was just a simple reduction in the rate of duty From 18% to 15%, what will happen is that my selling price will remain the same. And the ssml value, my bill has two components. One is the ssml value plus the tax rate. So if I'm selling as you're not in your Lordships illustration, 200 rupees will be my assessable value. If it is 18% tax, I will include 18% take it from them and give it to the government. Suppose I it reduces to 15% Maya, it's very simple for me my assessable value doesn't change, I will still charge 200 rupees, but the tax will be shown as 15% So, automatically I will be recovering those 3% less from the customer and I will be paying to the government 15% So, my my my as it were, my profit would remain the same, but for the customer there would be 3% reduction in the price. So, this would be in keeping with section 171 that I've passed on the benefit to the customer Have you passed I want to show that I will yes I have I have it government is reduced from 18 to 15 then giving this concession is the government giving okay you are giving no no with respect it is the government giving me time to pass on Oh yes, it is. I agree and I have this case is a little more complex than that, but give me one minute right. So, just taking your Lordships illustration, my assessable value would then continue to be 200 rupees, please appreciate that, instead of 18 rupees I will be charging 1515 15% tax. So, but the tax would go down and I would be paying the lesser tax. So therefore, it would mean that the full advantage of that 3% reduction is passed on by me to the customer, because my end bill to the customer is 3% less. Earlier I was charging 200 plus 18. Therefore where is the question of profit hearing in this there is no profit hearing? I'm only trying to explain. Sir, I'm just trying to first of all explain how it works one minute. Now, I'll tell you a logic one complication that arises in some matters. Now, in the present case, what transpired was that the rate of beauty was reduced from 18% to 5%. Yes to 5% but, but at the 5% rate I was told that the the credit which you were getting earlier, you will now not get your Lordships I will explain how it works. Please appreciate I will take the same illustration earlier your Lordships illustration of 200 rupees I was recovering 18 rupees from them 200 plus eight plus 36 rupees 36 I was recovering, but I was I was not paying the full 36 rupees to the government. Why? Because I had a credit component. I tell you a lot she bought that credit component is when I buy raw material to make my goods I am paying tax because that is also subject to GST. The GST act permits me to take that as a credit and distributed it correctly to discharge duty on my finished finished finished product. I hope I'm clear. So in my 80% what according to me a 12% credit that I was getting, please appreciate this. So do I was recovering earlier 18% from the government from the customer at an 18% rate. I was actually paying the government from out of my pocket six 6% for this reason that I had already suffered that 12% more when I was buying my raw material. Please appreciate that. I had already suffered that when I buy the raw material. I'm paying that 12% extra Yes, you're not adjusted in your 200 value visa. No I have not that's the boy you are right now wait. You're not that exactly on point you're not exactly on point exactly on point. So the way the billing is made in the context when credit is allowed is you will have to make a bail at an assessable value showing the full 18% your Lordships are extremely right your logical hit the nail on the head. So even though I get credit my ex Simple value in the bill will show only 200 rupees. Please appreciate this. And my bill will show 18%, which is the attacks that I am collecting with your lordship, my Lord, the Chief Justice, which is 36 rupees. But what I'm paying to the government is 36 minus this 12% credit that I have. Now all now please pause here for a minute. I don't want to complicate this any further, please wait just one minute. The department and I are an item on that we have no disputes here. There is no issue here between me and the department. Now, please let me take this a step further. The only difference between me and the department is that while I am saying that the credit which I am now foregoing is around 12%. According to the department, the credit that I am foregoing is only around 10%. I don't want to complicate the matter any further so far as figures are concerned, please accept this for the time being for me, if need be, I will go into this in future. But there is no dispute between me and the department here. Now, bear with me for one more minute. So my lords, according to me, because I was losing 12% of my credit, I could have increased my ssml value by 12%. But according to the department, as you will lost credit only to 10% 10 point something you could increase your value only by 10%. Now this is a given there is no dispute between me and the department. I would request your Lordships to accept this as a proposition before going further. The department doesn't prevail upon you to fix the value of your assessable good. No, it does. No, no, no. What do whatever is the price of your visa, whatever you fix, that is the price on that you charge tax and you pay to the government your Lordships? Correct? Correct. The government doesn't tell you send your visa 400 rupees or 200 rupees or 500 rupees. Very, very grateful. I'm very grateful. And I bow down to what fall from my lords. And that is my argument. Please appreciate one minute. Please appreciate one minute. All that this section therefore requires is that if there is a reduction in rate, that reduction will be passed on. Now, please, watch himself again hit the nail on the head. That's precisely the point that even I'm trying to make. Nothing remains to argue for one minute, no, no, no, one minute, no, no, one minute, one minute when I tell you the difference, I'll tell you the difference. I'll tell you a lot of the difference. I'll tell you a lot of the difference. If I were to therefore, be x I'm owning this up as a matter of fact, something against me, but I have to be fair to the court to tell you a lot to learn the difference like I must tell your Lordships correctly, what the dispute is, if Therefore, I have increased my price to the extent that I could have done it on the basis of the credit that I have lost, I am not profiteering. But if I have increased my if I could not have done it, and I could have increased it to a lesser extent as calculated by the department, then I would be violating section 171. I'll tell you a lot since how there is a difference between me and the department. Therefore, as to how much loss I'm suffering because of the credit forgone. According to me the loss suffered on account of credit forgone is 12%, which I can increase my price up to. According to the department, I'll re explained my notes. I'll re explain. Look at it this way. Earlier, the rate of duty was 18%. Please appreciate this. According to me, the credit in the 18% was 12%. So effective rate of beauty was 6%. I hope I'm clear on this point is from I'll explain that from a team. You brought it to 12 right? No No No man of 18 it is brought to five by that by the dip by the government. Taxes omega da da da da da. But I can't get credit now. The point I want to explain something important MC credit. Credit, purchase raw material, or scale to textbook discovery mammals will continue post lunch? And what you're trying to say is that initially when the tax on finished product or your services higher or the 18% yes and you are getting income input tax rate on your purchase of raw materials that as you get paid now when it has been reduced to 5% the government says that you will not get it. Absolutely. That I see what you're trying to say right now give me one more minute milords. Before we break back in this scenario, where do we get the concept of anti profiteering goes I will come I will cosign I will tell you about Give me one minute, give me one after after after submission word I just want to get in one sentence because I was in your voice volume is very I'm sorry, a lot. I think zoom my system conflicts with it. Is it better? A lot? It's slightly better. But still if you got closer to your microphone, maybe we could hear you louder. Yes, hello. I just want to make one point about whether the loss of input tax credit has been correctly computed by the dgap today or not a lot dgap report has now been filed before my lords. I agree, man. One second I made one word and so that put the matter in context. Yes, that has been correctly computed or not, is something which my learned friend can argue before the national anti profiteering authority, who before whom the matter is pending consideration these computation issues. The BJP has considered this I will show from the report. And that matter is to be heard by the authority today my learned friend is not prejudiced at all I'm saying so I agree. I agree with my learned friend. But as I started by saying with respect to my learned friend, I started by submitting that this is not relevant for the purpose of my case, but as a starting point because your Lordships wanted to understand I'm going into these issues Okay, we'll continue it today. Yes, I am not going into the merits of the report. I'm I'm saying so my my my learned friend your S ratio, but this is just so that you Lordships correctly understand the point. That's all what's 230 Yes, I'm grateful. I'm very grateful. Can we leave my notes Your house is gone? Second, they want us to chain sorry, right. Government We don't want any of you coffee? Yes, please just wanted me to respond with two queries. One was with regard to page number 48. And another was with regard to page number five zero. We know exactly as I understood in what fell from the honorable Ford was as to whether or not we received this application at page number 50. That is read by him is know whether it was or not is one thing. And second thing you're also pointed to was with regard to page number 48 is the password and user ID were not given to me is what I propose to respond to collectively. And while Eric pointed out those two things will permit me to read one quotation from the impugned judgment paragraph eight minutes. Just wanted me to respond. These are these notes page 48 on page five zero before I take a loss to those notes, first and the outset permit me to bring your Lordships attention to page number 161 of the paper that is Milan's amendment in the regulation which came into force on 29th of February 2019. HR assessment note winners 29th April 2019 29 April 2019. Yes, numbers is much prior to what was selected number 48 is also paid 50 mils. Now, this is amending mirrors the regulations which are applicable mirrors to both existing colleges as also mirrors those which are covered under well see. In light of mirrors permit me to point out some cross for at page 161 watermills I get Nexus with a query post by a lot. Yes. It reads the existing colleges, and they're attached hospitals established under Section 12 A of the Act m. So, this is second category and policies and their hospitals established prior to January 2020. And recognized by Central consider homeopathy shall obtain permission of the central government. So the relevant authority is central government all before 17 to may 2019. One six Yes, yes. So, there's two aspects to the merge, which are indisputable in my humble submission, first is that application was to be made to center dormant all before 17th of may 2019, subject to fulfillment of following then various conditions are enumerated namely providing the forms, the requisite fees, which are to be paid, etc. The very first molars is the application in form number one shall be submitted to Secretary government of India Ministry of higher wages. So so so and so, and it was to be accompanied in prescribed format accompanied with a draft of two lakh rupees, etc. Now, in light of these mirrors, kindly turn to page number 500 Lawson faulted me to respond to you as pursuant to this 29th April 2019 regulations, they have not applied No. And and therefore, let me point out as to what they have done pay 507 now, sir, this communication was sent through an email which comes in of homeopathy has received me rods, physical form, I'm yet to verify as to whether they received it physical or not, but this email was received by them. So let us look at the page 57/74 of July 2020. Yes, clear date cutoff date was 17 to may 2019, which was extended to 31st of December 2019. So this is estimated date of 2019 was fully academic question 1921. Yes, that every subject was amending the regulation itself. So that will be for every year. No, no, that's right. But yes, the adult date was for 2020 2020 because it made it they have to apply for 2021 no 2021 to simplify, it was for the current academic year. So let us put it that way. There is no dispute with regard to now 30 850. So the application which counselor, whomever he has received, said was addressed on Fourth of July, which is seven months after the Extended Cut off me to read the complex 17 to may extend it up to 31st of December 2019 survives at six months, I'll come to that as well. So, this is addressed on Fourth of July to say that we have seen not to central government one second serve the prescribed format as per the regulation This is was to be accompanied in form number one as enumerated there. And to be accompanied by a demand draft etc. which is not done. Now. Sir. Come back to page number 48. Sir, what do we see here? page 48. Your office wanted a metal river as to why this email id and username were not given to him. So what was the person with service dated 10th of July 2020. It says you are relevant now sir, this is addressed by Central Council of homeopathy to all principals directors of homeopathic medical colleges as per the list. Now since at least will contain Institute's which have applied well within the time to central government whose list is for only two CCS and because they are to undertake that exercise. Now, sir, first, let me point out this, and Gamble's I'll come to as to why this six month period. So what is the exercise that CCS is called upon to undertake before granting any approval? So this is, so this is addressed to all homeopathy colonies. experts on this issue are elevated during the last week or so March 2020. The initial law has been declared due to COVID pandemic, along with restrictions on public transportation continue till end of February 2020. The countrywide lockdown has been relaxing phase wise manner from month of May, but interstate public transport is still not fully operational. The academic year 2021 is going to commence very soon in the annual inspection so tiny MCE, deferred annual inspection, visitation is yet to be conducted. Some of the processes that one central government receives applications they are forwarded to CCS CCS milage will call for certain details from the institution first, that will be with regard to teaching staff and other available facilities with them, they will verify if something is missed out the college will be put to notice they will be called assuming these details are inadequate, can you furnish them once complete details are furnished mirrors of physical verification takes place at the particular college at the particular Institute. So it is for that purpose. Yes, sir. may continue. Yes, yes. So, the purpose is visitation and inspection permit me to read further, therefore considering the prevalence situation in country due to COVID The Board of Governors of Central Council of homeopathy recommended to exempt physical verification. Yes, apologies at this stage and to SSL verify existing teaching staff, non teaching staff infrastructure, other training facilities and other requirements as per the specific relevant regulations and guidelines issued by cch in central government to the information submitted in part one of Performa, which is the reason that I sold by the college institution subject to furnishing an affidavit undertaking along with indemnity boy, this is subsequently been approved by minister files. So, this is also relevant, it is therefore requested you to provide the information in a test online link using your teachers poor credential to so and so, for processing your case of permission or deny study to apply to those existing colleges who are forming or who made an application as per the performer to central government forward to CTS, CCS meloche will undertake physical verification and since it was not easy, will not get the relevant point in time. So these details were sought for in online for me. So it will be incorrect Minaj, in my humble submission to contain this was the only mode or rather This is the practice that was adopted immediately, as we understand your submission reorder instructions are that the last date for applying for renewal was sometime in December 2019, which was the extended date as for clause 11 to Revelation revenue and the 2019 April amendment in the regulations, like the appellants did not apply. No. So therefore, they never came on the libraries of the colleges on the website of the Council. And yes, there was no question for providing them any ID or password or whatever they were asking for my first time they applied on Fourth of July 2020. And all by email, whatever and that will be for cch and not to central government. Yes, not. Now, this aspect has been dealt with by learned single digit by denying insulin believe it is paragraph number 89. Permit me to read only paragraph nine relevant person exaile forsure. Bottom parser Yes. The relevant discussion you will find in paragraph number eight as well, as I'll not repeat the same way where also the honorable Larry Singleton kicks in on this aspect into consideration. If only for a moment get to page two, paragraph eight is similar to the middle portion. You'll also find a reference to academic year 2021. immediately thereafter, permit me to read this aspect. The petitioner appears to have ascertained that via communication a request was made to generate institutional ID and password. So their standard information form can be filled by the petitioner as part of the procedure for seeking extension of next academic year. Few correspondences have been brought on notice to court but ultimately out of them, a situation voiced on the fact that it is only on for 720 20 the petitioner filed form number one sent to the authorities, despite not being intimidated by the rejoinder, the petitioner had placed on record few communication to point out that the petition collect was never intimidated or remade, for applying extension of time. Now the regulations say that it is their job to get it extended not for CCI to inform them. So turning to Lex with Zed 339. Now in this context, the standard which has been taken by the respondent is really from the operating reply file by CCS, which has clearly indicated to the position point was under an obligation to submit an application seeking renewal permission before six months of the expiry of the permission granted for the academic year. Now, this undisputedly appears to not have been made by the petitioner and yesterday clear Sandy stated that in absence of any application question of consideration or processing of the gift for renewal of soil, so those are not right now seven permit me to read paragraph number nine only last person filings equate number zenfolio official find lodge Yes. fourth line from the top sir immediately after reference to page number 45 of communication appears to have been sent out to the college. The quality is not found in the list of qualities of counsel. So that details has not been supplied and from the world material appears as a practitioner college is well aware of all the detail personnel with respect to the application to be made, and do have one finger for the previous academic year is expected to know that it is indeed an obligation to fulfill the requirement of the Act and regulation explains the aforesaid situation. When the last extension was indicated by the Council to all policies, it is only on four seven before two days only. For number one is filled with whatever particulars available so this circumstances indicating of the fact as to how traditional college which is undertaking the course of whom everything is dealing with the surface on page 160 on the petitions compilation communication with your swing, so cc indicated to all colleges to give last chance up to 672 1020. And inside communication, it is 26 June, it appears that a last opportunity was given as the name of policy can be removed from the list. So those were a we have a planning time, Anthony. This appears to be the third reminder, which was expected to be dragged on by the petitioner since the very British Standard also filed a petition with respect to previous academic year. The petitioner college is still dealing with the rules and regulations like this and not obeying the property wrecking the process for seeking extension for the next academic year cannot be found fault with the respondent authority. As stated earlier, these regulations and rules of procedure are mandatory in nature and it is an obligation of the respective college to fulfill the same crime have a say it appears Of course not finally concluded the petitioner College has not properly dealt with the issue. It was very much aware about the fact that in saying let's check it to make here the college is required to follow procedure well within the time as per the regulation that appears not to be observed specific time limit procedures 

