pedaltrain state of Gujarat, we deem it appropriate that the state matter is required to be considered by the respondents. Now minutes with these directions, might not may kindly Have a look at page 11311 on 25th of June 2018. Yes, a proviso was inserted if I can just read to the Buddha's professional medical educational courses, regulation of so and so in the rule in rule four in sub rule three before the existing proviso, the fallen proviso shall be inserted, namely, provided that for the purpose of admission for the academic year 2018 19 only the candidates who have studied and passed 10th standard from the school located outside the state of Gujarat shall also be eligible. Similarly, minutes for the next year on page 116. Yes, dated 15th June 2019. Again, they dated the last line for the year 2019 20. Now the question marks the rule works. retrospectively we look for the past three years. So the 10th standard, only 10 standard people have been left out students have been left on now this year. They The question is not can they have to extend the same benefit for this year only next year? If someone comes before the court with a similar relief, then yes, Kate is right in not extending the benefit my view of this notification in Excel powers under subsection one of Section 20. Now, the rule cannot work for 1112 1110 then stop it till if you want if they want to make the rule operative and working below, there is no question of channeling to the rule, but it has to operate for three years, you have to give this relaxation for the last year the last time for this year, next year. If I come before my lords or anyone comes before my lords with the same rule on hand, yes, state is legitimate in saying that no, now we cannot do it because 10 standard, you have not cleared in that year. So therefore minister benefit and to be has to be extended as far as this year is concerned only Lastly, they cannot stop at 11th and 12th. And say that no now you cannot get this benefit. And this is sympathy jurisdiction will not with all due respect Miller's there is no question of sympathy. This is my right. I am a bright student. I'm 96% plus student. I took admission in ninth and 10th I could not have come out of 10th mit midway did him and they could if they are they would have amended the rule. prior to March of that year. It was a separate thing then yes. Today the state can legitimately Are you alright. Yes, there we go. So far is the status concern Milhaud in view in the exercise of the powers under Section 20. These rules have been framed. There is no challenge to your powers correct. There is no challenge to the past. There is no challenge to the rules. What may not by virtue of the proviso added for the year 1819 and 1920 a concession has been given for that particular year rule for that particular year alone. My submission is there is no enforceable right. And I can satisfy the honorable court through cuttin of judgments. What the prayer which my learned friend is seeking if contrary to statutory rules, which per se as they stand cannot be granted. What effectively is seeking is that the rules be modified for the present year also that Milady my submission may not be granted by way of a mandatory direction. It's a matter of policy for the state to take and the state has taken a decision which has stated by way of an affidavit that this year we are not extending the benefit of this ruling. Let us test the decision of the state please my applicability of the rules the two notifications issued and otherwise reasonable is like if a candidate has studied class 10th supposing in the year 2016 17 academic year, please mileages right now 11th and 12th. There is no dispute we are saying that all candidates have to undergo 11th and 12th from the state of Gujarat please only list to class passing class 10 whether from outside now generally in both classes, once you come to class nine, then it is you continue likely to continue you want to continue in the same school class ninth and 10th to your costs, kind of although you can get admission from nine to 10 to another school also you can go to a different state also you can go to a different city once in another school, but generally you prefer to keep your children in the same school. Correct. Now supporting somebody who has studied class 10 in the year 2016 17. And today In 2020 NEET examinations has a good score and is otherwise a dummy sign off state of Missouri has studied past 11th and 12th in the state of Missouri, would or would not chibi and he or she be entitled to the benefit of the 85% of the state quota. Why? Why not entitled because the rules come into play for the year two in the year 2000. prospectively applicable somebody who has studied earlier, you say no, no, no, because you've studied earlier you're out, we know this argument of retro activity retrospectively it is already been tested, tested and the worries of these rules has been updated in three consecutive judgment doesn't get domiciled or benefit of the state code of any state, no matter what he would get in the All India quota you would get it in your quota is only 15%. Here 85% stake holder you are given to your student the student had another option, he could easily have taken admission in the Rajasthan Kota, the state is responsible for giving admission. It is very unreasonable. The parents are residents of Gujarat state or any particular state where they have lived all their lives. They are in surveys, they are doing business, whatever. If they send their children to study outside for a couple of years, do they lose their right of oversight? And this rule you bring it in 2008? Non domiciled this rule has come in the academic year. 2017 18? That's right. That's right to apply to students who have already passed a transcript earlier. This is being applied similar for the academic year 70. How do you divide somebody who has studied illimitable here, but trust him in the previous academic year earlier? What is the justification? How do you say that this is mirrored when admission rules were notified? The requirement was that you were required to undergo standard 10 from the state schools with this reference what I'm saying from that year on what your prizes will be not what my learned friend is seeking essentially is a modification of statutory rules, a concession which cannot be granted. Granted in the year 1819 1920 cannot be made an obligation on the state your friend is saying you answered our question, how do you justify these rules to students who have passed out last state in the previous year, but fulfill all the requirements as per the rules and today you bring in a new condition and you divide the students minute level is that you know it is not a condition which has come today, this condition is existence June 2017. Not therefore the student had the option. First you listen to our question. My question is a candidate who has passed class 10th in 2016 17. academic year was not a requirement, not 1617 will not take admission in 2020 in medical take admission so many will take admission. No. Minot admission is to be taken will not have the last of this year's 12 standard, you need to clear the times students sit for two years three years at home preparing for need. They drop examinations, they drop their own career, they don't join graduation, because they want to go to need one yet we are in a standard this thing 60% of the students selected in need must have dropped one year or two years. Understand this minute. Working today how the dynamics of students is working, the kind of competition these students are facing how they study how much hard work they put in four years together to qualify for need. Now, here is a case where 2016 17 a student has passed class 10 from outside the state of Missouri, correct. Melody 17 this student has passed in 2018. Right We are we are discussing testing your rule curried version of that rule where it is a challenge to the IDs of the rule. We are not saying that since you have they have also not challenged the values of your rules you're not challenging the challenge was there has already been upheld today wrong. We are not commenting on that. today. issued notifications in 1819 and 1920. Please my loads. Now this year you have taken a decision that he will not issue and he says relaxation. That's right. Therefore we are testing the decision of the state. Not the decision of the state is founded on justifiable reasons to justify your time, right? You're not wait in 1617 a candidate has passed Last time outside state of Missouri, when there was no requirement of passing class 10 in the state of Missouri right now 1718 1819 the candidate studies 11th and 12th from the state of Missouri Alright. Now in the 19 need, the candidate does not qualify in 20 need the candidate gets a very good score. Now, where which state domiciled or which state under the rules 85% quota, would that candidate be entitled to? Therefore, this candidate Yes Will this candidate who has undertaken below standard 12 1617 melotte from a from any university outside the state of Gujarat had two options when not when we make choices process which were there earlier. Now, once you frame a rule you have to take care of these students also may not we did get me not just responsible for taking care of it's a math question of balancing interest. The largest populace we take care of every and sing to the last single optional exception which may be carved out for any hardship Milan rules cannot be modified. My submission is Milad, a student who makes a conscious choice chooses to study outside the state for 1617 has the option of studying for the 11th and 12 outside for reasons any and many he may have chosen to come back to the state in which case Milhaud, he is required to face all the options which are then academic matters are a matter of choice, not just now, this is on the other side. Earlier there was no requirement of domiciled. Now, that has also come into play. Correct. Correct. Validity again upheld domiciled was also challenged. domiciled was challenged hardship was the argument, there is no enforceable right in a student to say I will study in my state alone, there is no enforceable right when you make choices when you take decisions, these are decisions coupled with an element of chance, every decision taken is coupled with an element of chance, the reason he took an admission in Kota for better prospects, perhaps me and work may not have worked week in the spirit cannot be getting into the mind of every child to examine the reasons and the object for which will not such decisions are taken, every step taken is always for a betterment Be that as it may today, my Lord when the state is taking a policy decision will not in my submission, we are bound by set what is essentially what we are trying to we are not convincing myself this I will be convincing what we are trying to ask you, you when you come up with a rule, you apply it from that date onwards, right? You are ousting students from getting their 85% quota in the state which they fulfill all conditions, including domiciled 1112 but for something which they have already done and acted upon. You say no, you're out of favor, not my last week pleased to see while examining the wineries. One argument the minute on behalf of the Advocate General submitted that last year last year itself 400 students from Milan outside the state had taken admission, these are essentially the students who ultimately do not land up state saying back in the state, they take the advantage the benefits of the of the infrastructure of the academic teachings which is being made available by the state, but the state does not manage to receive the benefits of these students who ultimately pass out and all these numerical data all the factual scenario all of it was considered having considered the rules were upheld. However, the honorable court said you may consider for this particular yard, if you deem appropriate that considered for 1892 years why Milady was considered for 1898 after 20 years why what has changed today that you are not considering in this era and you considered not considerably below the reason for the third year. What is why did you consider it for 1819 and 1920? A student Milan a student who has already completed the 10th Milan for that student we are not able to do much, but here is a student who took admission. Rule rule. You do whatever you feel is proper. You've done it. Then why do you relax it? Milan a student a student The rules were amended in June 2017. This student has taken admission in April, it is always open to the student to opt for the state admission or not talking about this particular matter, we are asking you why did you relax that for two years considering that those students who may have already studied out may not realize your rule and therefore, you are doing it, you're thinking as a consideration, may not It was only when you are being fair may not so far as the present petition is concerned is to see this option was open to him. June we amended the rules. A student who had taken admission in April, may very well come back to the state in June, he was aware that with 10, standard incorta he would not be able to come back to state of Gujarat, it was always open for him to take admission in June, he chose to continue Milady in Kota and supposing you had brought out another rule in October saying that no, you are allowed to contest and was not required, they could have gone back to this consideration of the honorable court what are the factors to bring out a rule applied prospectively and all our students who have already acted upon the previous existing rule and they are not violating any part of your rule? minute my submission is that so far as 2017 rules are concerned, those who would have acted would have been in 2016 those who would have acted would have been in 2015. Whereas in the facts of this case, saying that Yes. Why not? This? Yes, because in the facts of this case, this student has taken admission in April, he very very good changes admission in June just come to page triple one. In June, Milan he had the option he had the knowledge and option How many times have garages are going to pay the fees you realize what are the fees of and how much is the cost of staying in a hotel hostel and paying the entire year fees, nobody charges fees is four months and then getting a fresh admission another school in jmeter is so difficult and many such hardships are a matter of policy, because you are a mighty and you are powerful you can make any kind of ruling know the question is not justified anyway, it is not inclined to open floodgates to those students who have studied outside the why this is not a matter of in a decision and implemented from the next year. who stops you from doing that you have done it successfully. You're doing it nobody's stopping you may be wanting this kind of a situation would come? Yes. Mr. Come to page triple one. Please Milo's we are referring to para 34 is my loans you may skip around first part of para 24 the sentence starts like this, it is the case of some of the petitioners it is a fulfill dummy sign. It is the case of some of the petitioners that though they fulfill the criteria of domain site and passing requirement of 12 standard from the school situated in goodra. So, twin requirements of fulfill domiciled and 12 standard from the schools situated in Gujarat, but they are excluded from the eligibility criteria only on the grounds that they have studied 10 standard from the school outside state of Gujarat exactly the situation in the present litigation currently pilots now just make us understand the rationale that the the idea of such observations which will read now, in that view of the matter, as object of the rules is to give benefit to the candidates who are domiciled of the state of Gujarat, we just want to understand from you. Is this candidate not a resident or a domicile of the state of Utah we direct the respondent state to take decision forthwith on the third issue, whether to continue rule four three clause sub clause I of the regulation so in so in the same form or not and take appropriate decision accordingly without loss of now this gave rise to page 113 and 16. Right. Right now, the object seems to be the court observes as object of the rules is to give benefit to the candidates who are domiciled of the state of Gujarat If you hold, if you believe that the domicile of this student is also a good route, then why not give one benefit for this particular year? 17 Wait a minute. 7018 1990 490-720-2021. And that's the end of it, then you cannot nobody can ask for any further extension. That's it. I have three fold arguments. Yes. Oh, good is your affidavit. The affidavit is at page 122 122. Right. This was the affidavit in reply file before the Lord single judge. That's right. Yes. Yes. Yes. So melotte, the stand of the state government is that it was carved by way of an exception. And the varieties of the rules has been upheld. This argument of hardship, reasonableness, and the justification and the rationale were placed before the honorable division bench. And not just this judgment, Miller. There is also another judgment rendered by the self same bench, these facials will application number 138, double seven of 2017. mirrored copy of which was for forward in Milan. Perhaps it's there Milan in the matter as part of the record, millet not by way of an affidavit, but I forwarded it judgment doesn't need to be filed by an affidavit. Yes. What is the date of that judgment? Yes, it is dated August 2017. What are the challenges in this judgment? You know, the challenge in this judgment was analog us that yo was a student who had happened to study in domin Domine, which was included, but not from a state affiliated board, not from a Gujarat board. And whilst malonic can get the benefit, by the way, notifications? Yes, the statement that the honorable court noted that this argument which is being sought to be leveled or raised may not by the present petitioner is not up to be upheld. If I may just read few few lines below. Yes. Paragraph 5.5. The learned government leader thereafter place reliance on so and so were in the division page of this Court held that residence requirement in a state can be definitely Yes, it is seven Milhaud, it is revealed. It is revealed that the petitioner had passed standard 10th and 12th qualifying examination from a cbse school situated in demand. The main grievance of the petitioner is that though the petitioners are domiciled in the state of Gujarat, merely because the school in which they have studied is situated outside the territorial limits of the state of Gujarat, because of them, the impugned rule for admission is denied to them. Well, in this case, the candidate at that tenant was both from outside Gujarat, right. Correct. And you extended that Medicaid by way of the notification. Normally, no benefit is extended. The honorable court appears the decision not to extend parrot Malone internal page 28 of the judgment, relying on Milad referring to the judgment which was pointed out, we shall cast judgment and Sheetal Kumar, in the honorable court notes parrot 10 of the Shockers judgment. Thus so far as the admission to MBBS BDS courses are concerned, the law as it stands is settled by the Supreme Court that the state government is given the right to resolve 85% seems based on merit restricted only to students who have passed tender 10 in the cases before us, we find that the Gujarat rules the aforesaid direction given by the Supreme Court has been maintained. Similarly in the case of Sheetal Kumar, this RIT application under 226 of the constitute at the instance of the student who has been denied admission to professional courses at have on the grounds of not having studied in a cbse school located within the state of Gujarat has prayed for the following release. below. There are three there were three judgments a lot of the honorable division which in different facts scenario, one way 10th was done one way 10th and 12th was done outside and the honorable court in para 33 nodes in our opinion, the classification is thus absolutely valid and does not in any way valid violate the provisions of Article 40 of the Constitution of India. such kind of classification has been expressly approved by the honorable Supreme Court era 13 it is revealed that the respondents abroad for the academic guarantee Are you example, yes. Yes, para 13 Milan. It is revealed that the respondent state wants to give benefit of state quota to all the schools situated in the state of Gujarat, as well as to students who have studied in the state board. Thus, when the student who has studied from school affiliated in the state board and those situated out of the state of Gujarat are given the benefit of state quota seats in medical and paramedical courses, whereas the students who are studied standard 10th and 12 qualifying examination other than school which are not affiliated with the state board, and are situated outside the territorial limits are denied such benefit. We are of the view that by doing so the state has not made any discrimination, as alleged by the petitioners it is required to be noted that the petitioners can get admission in the 15% All India quota and therefore they cannot insist that they should be accommodated in the state quota only by the respondents it is submitted the submission Canvas by the learned advocate Mr. Schiller that by providing two different eligibility criteria for admission in professional degree because in professional below this requirement was not their professional and medical courses below the honorable court notes will note that there is no arbitrariness the demand for medical is far more and then after Milan relevant paragraph 16. One at this stage. It is also required to be noted that the division bench of this court in vishakha and she told me yesterday and Parmar has considered the decision of the honorable Supreme Court and other decisions. It is further required to be noted that the learned advocate Mr. shallot is not in a position to point out that the aforesaid two decisions rendered by the division of this court are reversed by the honorable Supreme Court. Thus, when the aforesaid two decision rendered by the division attained finality, we are of the view that the present petition is required to be dismissed and the petitioners are not entitled to claim the benefits. My submission is below the rules are a case of delegated legislation. the validity of these rules has been upheld. There is no enforcer to the rules today before Oh enforceable right vested in a student to claim admission in a particular school or a school situated in the Gujarat, D horse the rules No, no, but we are state whether it is reasonable or fair, or unreasonable or unfair, that is what we are chasing, we are not testing your rules may not be satisfied or by the appellant That's right. The state action will not match the state action is born out of the statutory rules in the opposite. Right. Why it granted that exception in the last two years and is not willing to grant that exception in this region is more or less the same. But I am not required to answer the the middle of the challenge to why the rules say that we will not give an answer, no matter what my submission is mirrored my next submission is this wise. My submission is that the rules as they stand today do not permit a student who has studied standard 10 outside the state of goodra. To get admission, there is no challenge to the rules. In the absence of the challenge to the rules. I am bound by my own rules. Committee is bound by its rules and status, bound by the rules, your own rule with respect the observations made by the division bench while upholding your rules for two years 1819 and 1920. For this particular year, you are not willing to resize or honor or respect that observation of that division by judgment by which your rules were upheld. For two years. You did what this year you're not willing to do it right. The honorable court Mullah the honorable court had made certain observations stating that you may consider therefore it was left to the domain of the state government directly consider my consideration is not a matter of challenge today. The petitioner says that you say that we are not under surprises. No petitioner is seeking applicability of the rules for this year itself, and claiming admission for the year 2021. If you want to challenge my decision, by holding that your decision not to grant this benefit, the rules would be as a subject matter of note there is one more thing in 2018 19. Did you exercise that discretion on a petition being filed or merely on the basis of representations made by candidates or the state on its own to get up and then granted that relaxation? And 20? Whether it was going to further directions being issued or pursuant to the same of the wishes made by the division bench upholding your rules? We're not i'm not privy to the decision making process for 1819 Oh, 1920. I'm only aware that not by way of a notification. The object the rationale, the reason on its own, or it was under some further direction by the court, or upon representations being made by some candidates will not today Milady. I'm aware that will not the court sympathetically and on equitable grounds believes that for this year, it ought to be extended. But where is the foundation for without such extension? He's seeking implementation of the rules as a mandatory right, that these rules should be made applicable to him and him alone by considering any mandatory right or any enforceable right. This is the size, petition and appeal are basically based on a request to the state. That's all. Nothing more than that. Will that request of the state Milhaud so far is this act as fairly as it did in the last two years. You know, the state has already notified these rules, a decision was taken for 18 19 million. My submission is concessions and exceptions cannot be claimed as a matter of right. It's in the realm of policy. Having considered the larger effects. It is not about one student. I understand my lord sympathies with the petitioner. But my lords may also be pleased to examine that so far as the state is concerned, it is considering an entire policy. How many are we going to allow and how many are we going to permit to Milan seek these benefits is a concern which the state holds apart from individual hardships, which challenge Milan has already been negative and even this honorable court perhaps would have negative individual hardships are not the case. Much as my sympathies may go with the petitioner much as I may want to give it as a policy when as a policy the state is considering and the state believes that as of policy, we want to put an end to yours we gave the benefit no more and no further can this policy be faulted when at the outset for the very first year, this honorable court had upheld and said, We are only suggesting you may consider but as your rule stand today, we are upholding it. So, I do not extended the concession or rules would have been as they are, validity would remain as it is, and nobody would have granted been granted the benefit for standard did the fact that for one year and for another year, one concession was given my submission are not to extend any concessions after you know enforcing the rules, when a concession cannot be claimed as a matter of right. concession is in the realm of fair action on the part of the state may not in all fairness. It was extended miniscule minute for a miniscule number of persons. We don't know the avalanche which we are going to be faced with once we open the admission next week. We have no clue of how many are going to come the last year speakers which are given in their in the affidavit where the honorable court upheld the virus. 400 students have taken such admission. The state Milhaud having spent all the infrastructures. Yes. Was this how you want to add something? Normally, that's only only to add this much milk that the rule as it stands today has to operate for this year alone last next year, if someone challenges and how can you take a decision for next year somebody may come up with some talent and how can you see I'm saying that recruiter can only with this year, that's all that's all. And because the rule walks back it goes retrospective retrospectively for three years. Therefore this is the third year. today. You cannot ask me minister eight page 18 is my domain site. I put my domicile on record minutes 18 is my domicile that is not disputed. I did it. One another glaring fact is looks after my town started they've amended the rules. As I've already pointed out, therefore, proportionate rule of proportionality or reasonableness has to be tested. And this is not an obligation below satisfies learned finishing if they are not obliging loss it is the rule has to work effectively only if it is extended for the last time and only at my last scooter query to my friend we looked at earlier to notifications extending the benefit is for what purpose better since prevailed and they had to do it because there were situations like the present when which arose that a person and and you go in only Indian situation or 15% or bright student minutes. It is not a fault of the student. For better education, better training, and she came back in 11th and 12th. Now you extend it to 10th. And after my Tom Mills, please see the the rules implications, the execution and implementation of the rule what the operation of the rule after is after the term starts. And there is an expectation below, as far as I'm also concerned that two times we've done it, so there was an I came back immediately in 11th. Time was back. It was not that I was not back immediately. Now, what is your ranking need this year? Yes, we're not as far as one middles as far as the state state is concerned with my rank is 23,004 72. And all India, All India, it's 57,006 29 sorry, 57, six to 950 7006 29. I've secured 96.4 in 1095 12 and milex data data, if I get in your there are all chances we'll have set them kindly see the implication of this rule how it operates? If I don't make it this year, if there is no relaxation by the state this year, then if I then a person who is less meritorious than me, me getting in the state quota. Can you see the situation the rule will work in a manner which is detrimental, that is in not in public interest manager it is not in the state's interest to implement the rule for two years and not for the third year. Because meritorious student has cleared 10 standard from state or federal correct? Yes, a person who is close to 10 standard from state of Gujarat, 11th and 12th and has quarter rank we would get in and I would be out of this and I will go in a 15% quota. And the first in the family who's being qualified for this medical science will not send Lordships as my Lord stated that today there is a dearth of doctors and as my Lord stated minutes for need, people go to what extent will have to for education, he went in a boarding school in Kota from Gujarat because they were giving training in need. And she came back molars before we launch the petition before my before my launch will have general honorable single taxes. It is a sympathetic concern. I'm not saying sympathetic, there is no rational we are not extending it further. Alright. Please, anything further you want to add? We have yet not received the list from Milan any as yet national examination board as yet. And till then we do not know whether the petitioner with this ranking will also get a no no conjecture by way of information only sought the ranking situation because one doesn't know Muller, this is these are all arguments valid on equitable promissory estoppel equity, fairplay and Milan is not acting as wise as it did last two years. That's the whole difficulty. That's why it is either there are very serious use, it'll admission there are very, very serious considerations to be taken into consider individual hardships melot melot cannot be a case consider we would be flooded we would be flooded with outsiders. And these are matters which require very serious consideration and it is not an outsider This is your domiciled was not state resident may not may not this exactly was pointed out when the bodies is okay. That Gujarat domiciled but outside Milan, they don't stay back at the first opportunity a lot they fly out at the first opportunity they are gone. And we need residents here when you bind them, you say if you are studying here in my state in a college of the state, you have to work here for five 710 years. Otherwise you pay a bond of one crore rupees and see they will work here all policies all policies below you failed policies to get your words not to actually promote standard education. That's the whole difficulty. No, no, Milan I with all due respect, with all due respect, Milan policies are formulated. They have they've been tested, and they've been stood the test of time for something different, but the reasons for making policies is something different. The limited hands. We have heard she mentioned this Highlander senior advocate. Assisted by Mrs. Fluffy Shukla. Letter counsel for the appellant. Then Miss Monica love Kumar learned government leader assisted by Mira there was Mr. Pawan Tani and this is very precise shaurya Gupta and Mr. Conway and Danny is there. Was there I don't know did he come to the breakout room? He was he was Mr. Anthony will not see. Very bad Miss. I showed you a Gupta monta mount escape. You are relying upon, yes. Which part of the judgment and as a patient with me I don't think I genuinely want to believe it you actually give me a minute telega is he EGP for the state respondents with the consent of the general counsel for the parties, we have heard the appeal at this stage of admission itself as this data we have noticed for the state respondents were on advanced copy draft amendment will be granted a draft amendment granted Alright, hey paragraph I just go to the airport bus and do that. Please we'll talk like below for a patient during next is a government leader and Mr. Grandma Qureshi. These other matters, where one group of applications very was opposing the delays resolved by a Lordships other group is listed today. Here's what's listed. I look at serial number 2333. Please take up this matter number 23. My notes please as my last My Lords would take it away when 23 is called. Yes, yes. Why permission to leave for the environment? Please. I will take you in again. Please. Check. Yes. Secondary sale number one main port mobile query. Request sexy No, no. Yes, Mr. Patel. occasion this honorable court who the submission was made, that we were served there or not. The issue relates to Milad section 81 notice, which came to be issued and the honorable Milady submission was made, that at the end our we are served wiced and nine of the others are served well in advance. We find either one of you who are not in consonance. With the establishment, grave injustice is done to us. We are served at the end our when our representative advocate goes he sees time will not know time effective time is given you pass an order to which the honorable court said we weren't inclined to examine on the merits of it. However you process the notice. On the fact that it is at a show cause notice stage the honorable court was inclined to No, we know that in so far as this service of notice is concerned, have you dealt with this service of notice? That's right. The rest. Why not? Sir. If you satisfy on this, we're not inclined to get into the other issues. We want to examine on this notice part of have you dealt with it. Let me just go through the order. One minute. Yes, we are refreshed of what we had said last time. Please make sure the debit is received. Sorry devotees received. Wait, Mr. Patel. Give us the good run cooperative societies are now in compliance with its order an affidavit has been filed by the district register. That's right. That's right. Now, that is an affidavit in reply by respondent number three. Yes. Index I have given the index of an exchange. Effectively it starts at page 131 30. We have the affidavit where we don't have any index and rejoinder has been filed with this. Sir, I've only won it. I received the same by Saturday night. I could get loaded on Sunday at 10 o'clock. And today, I was informed that it is not filed but copy has been sold to me. Can it be kept day after tomorrow? I will need to log on Thursday. We're just wondering let us first be emphasis the guys fight What are they afraid of? It says yes. Yes. What is yours? This time of the disagree? stir? Yes, we're not the standard of the district register. I'm giving a brief genesis of the matter. audit came to be carried out and not giving the relevant provision section 84 audit audit It was founded there are financial irregularities. auditor appointed by Miller impaneled auditor duly qualified chartered accountant found that it requires a detailed inquiry. Therefore, under Section 86 notice came to be issued inquiry carried out Shockers notice issued everybody heard documents verified all of it culminating into an audit report. At no stage will not be the committee members or the committee or the society ever deem it appropriate necessary will not be challenged or too upsetting. These facts are all emerging on record, be that as it may, pursuant to the inquiry report to proceedings came to be initiated one under Section 83 the 93 and the other under Section 8193. Proceedings today Milad notices have been issued on a subject matter of appeal before the appellate authority what is 9393 is fixing of individual liabilities or individual responsibilities, all of which Milan is a subject matter of challenging separate appeal problem proceedings, which my lords are not concerned with. Today under Section 81, which is a super session. Yes, this is the subject matter of challenge. The Prime argument which was made was that you have acted unfairly, you have issued notices to nine of them within due time enabling them to remain present and to make their submissions whereas to file a grievance is at the end our very specifically. Let me complete my argument since there is a query from the in my mouth I do that all right. You can always deny it later. Mr. Patel? Yes. Not what weighed with the honorable court is the effective and meaningful fulfillment of principles of natural justice. Have you made sufficient and diverse my argument not my submissions are at page 140. Where we point out below that para seven point to show cause notice was issued under Section 81. On 29 Milady. It was issued to the managing director who's the administrative head with an endorsement to serve all managing directors directed to give us the report hearing is on the sixth. On the fifth the managing director gives us a report that he has served para 7.3 in I submitted the managing director submitted a service report regarding the service To the members of the society, the copy of the service report is next shows itself 14 members out of the 19 have been served by him. Such 14 members include all the petitioners, except petitioner number six, eight and 14, therefore all not served also not true. And why the others not some Milan, serious, Milan, the honorable court take very serious similar cognizance of the submissions in this context. All the petitioners except six 814 and 16. Yes, petitioners three attempts were made by the manager to serve the copies of the notices. Details of these three attempts are as under the manager along with few employees of the petitioner society first attempted to serve copies of the notices on 110. It is submitted that the manager went to the residents and telephonically communicated to the petitioner number so and so about switch notice to be served upon them. However, they stated that they were not at their residences. They stated that they were not at their residences. A copy of the report or the roach comm is an extra two it is submitted that on the third, the manager along with employees of the society once again visited the represent the residences of the five petitioner and made second attempt for serving the copies. However, the petitioners were not found at the home on telephonic communication with the petitioners. They stated that they will come to the office and collect the copies of the notices. Furthermore, their respective family members also refused to accept the notices. A copy of the report is also annexed. On 510. The manager along with few employees of the petitioner, visited the residences and made a third attempt for serving copies of the notice is upon such petitioners. However, the petitioner has worked once again not found at the residences. Therefore, copies of the notices were affixed on the wall of the respective residences of the petitioners copy of the punchnama is so and so in respect of the service of the order dated so and so it is submitted, a copy of the same was given to the manager of the society on 1010. And a communication to that effect was submitted by the manager of the society to the leap on and on 1010 copy of the said communication is an extra two except drama, a perusal of the aforementioned sequence of events would indicate the following. The financial irregularities committed by the petitioner societies are being investigated into since 2017. The notice under 86 was issued to the petitioner on 17 580 pursuant to audit under Section 84. Order for conducting an inquiry and appointment of inquiry officer just passed in 2018. We have a question, make us understand, come to Section 81% of the Act 1961. So yes. supersession of a committee and appointment of a committee or administrator. Correct. in respect of a committee of the society having the registrar and it has its member, the state government and in respect of a committee of a society, which does not have the registrar as its member. The registrar is of the opinion that the committee persistently makes default or two and three, correct. Yes. Now Missha for arriving at the satisfaction or the reasons to believe the committee persistently makes default, is it mandatory to initiate inquiry under 86? It is not mandatory. Now come to pay a come to Section 86. Before taking this decision, to supersede the committee, your stances that there was a full fledged inquiry under Section 86. Based on the report of the inquiry, this action has been taken correct. And submission is twofold. You know what the powers inquiry is either for motor or on an epic? Yes. No, no, we just want to clear one factual aspect. Yes, come to Section 86. Yes, the registrar may have his own motion himself. Right, or by a person duly authorized by him in writing in this behalf. hold an inquiry into the constitution working and financial conditions of a society right close to the registrar shall hold such an inquiry. Just give us a fair idea that This case falls in a B or C is called Smilodon. 80 611. You get the power to conduct the inquiry. Oh, there you are subject to talk a minute. This This issue is no longer s Integra minute there are two aspects 86 is in two parts 86 one and 86 286. One is where the registrar, either on his own motion or on a representation takes a decision. You know, 81 is not on its motion. So, a minute I'm talking about 8686 has two parts to is when a substantial number of members of a society. So resolve then the registrar shall so the distinction between the two is that if he wants to do of his own or on a representation it is 86 one, but if Milan and by the society give us just one question. So according to you 86 one and 86 to operate in different fields, different fields different just wondering Gaussian density. Mr. Patel, have the mic offer the others any video on any gear microphone Yes, yes, Misha, these mailers Can I request only one thing? I mean even today's time only Mr. Patel, just understand what we are trying to just see from the affidavit file today, if we are not convinced that the state has made adequate efforts or the notices have not been served, we might as well allow your petition today itself and not a journey. But if we are convinced that the state or the managing director has taken steps and notices versa, and you are at fault, we will grant you time to file a reply to this. Alright. You're trying to just understand what the affidavit says. If you get too excited, how matobo appic. So that I can do it'd be called for an affidavit for our specific point. So we are just trying to look into the affidavit. Why would you arrest is just just fine. Everybody's Yoruba that last time it was what was transferred up also was that On nights some people appear. Yes. What did you do? those persons were adequately served prior to nine or they were served on 930 before right after six. Six, there are cases we are certain prevent literacy from the epidemic. That's why we are not calling upon you once a waste. Yes, yes. So as I read out Malone, I was reading para eight, pointing out that what is the entire gamut Malone how Milhaud audit thereafter inquiry thereafter, where individual finite grave I've even enumerated melotte on marriage, the financial irregularities writing on the weather service was the prime contention would be of alternate remedy. It's an appealable order. But however, again, we had noted in our order that there is a set up appeal available to Mr. Patel's plan and they can go there. But since it was well many years, that notices were not served. And the action was taken in great haste violating all norms of national justice and fairplay therefore, we call upon the state or the district to find that evidence to how he proceeded after 20 992 1020. And I will forgive you nothing I said sufficient. We will dismiss the petition right here and now if you resist some follow up you switch off your mic around. Don't disturb the proceedings. I will continue the bike but I will not solve it if you intervene in between your interval Yes, in paragraph seven, as I had just read out loud I pointed out that notice was served to the managing director with copies to be served to each one managing director is the administrative head of the society. He was also given a mandate with clear instructions below to report new service and Milhaud endorsement to that effect of service of report we so we made available to us total 19 members 14 below 14 duly served well within time five evading notice three endeavors made report for each of the three dates on which endeavors made finally service made by a fixation which is noted substituted service and then after that a fixation is weighed on Fifth, right Yes, yes. Thank you. Mr. Patel. You have 48 hours time to file your reply. Yes, I want to find a way that you can pick up on trust and I will not either day after tomorrow or next week, then Monday, Monday. Can you be on the top 10 there's only three request at 7am. Top doctor, I said there will be no disturbance at that time. Because he was lucky Have you heard me pursuant to our order dated 28 October 2020. The district register cooperative societies banners contact pollen pool has filed the affidavit in reply volume to the contents of the affidavit and in particular paragraph seven comma its sub paragraphs and it along with the sub paragraphs and given the details of the service of the notice dated 20 992 1020 on the 19 members of the executive committee. First up according to the affidavit in reply, the notice was duly served as per the report of the managing manager of the society. Our CBS patelin Senior advocate appearing for the respondent for the appellant especially for the petitioner. This is a repetition. Yes the petitioner race for three days time to file a rejoinder if it ever time bred for the loud let this matter for the seven top 10 cases on Monday next Saturday. Second November 2. lawsuit of this big land we will be a mini shell of modern government Peter has taken us to the relevant paragraphs seven and eight make me permitted to leave permitted to leave oblige. grateful to pilots. Yes. Let's do entry requesting as far as the next two matters are concerned. When three minutes now what do you want? My I'm only requesting time till Wednesday or Thursday March on two grounds. First one is my colleague was appearing is not available today. Secondly, there is a rejoinder serve to us on Saturdays. No collimators is underway is not well today. No he is not available only for today. This correct? Yes. logics. The state wants some time in this matter. It has received your yonder affidavit Yes. The logic prepared Mr. W is not available for some personal reasons. He's the logics So when do you want to visit their money? Wednesday or Thursday? subject to my last convenience any difference? Let us know your Lordships. In that case? You missed it. Can it be on the top of the board matters? whispering Yes. Logic. Item number two? Yes. Come to page 22. We want the English translation of this. I've already provided in the lunch if I send it to the non adventurer archaeologists when? Last time then the matter was listed for hearing on that very day. I can forward it once again to Mr. gadhvi. Please no chips. I'll do that. I'll do that. Because that's the only argument available to you. Yes, it was already there. I provided again can be on the top of the board your chips. Yes. Sorry, your logic is already on top of next at a lot. Second and third. Both cases might have the largest both the cases has been filed by the company or the publisher on the request made on behalf of the search engine the way when a DGP this case we listed again on witness a in the top 10 cases. Toastmaster has not received that translation yet To forward him right now. Yes logic writer. I'll do that with you please. And I am deeply obliged and I'm sorry for the inconvenience caused your logic may seek your Lordships permission to leave. Yes. Apply to logic me up until Yes, this one my dogs here I'm requesting to join Mr. Giovanni as he appears on my via my lords Mr. Romani, Yogesh Romani My Lords have been wrongly taken in us, we will leave if you like please please please my money hot yes this is joining by the application My Lord, they am appearing for a person whose father had passed away in three hospital incident and no doubt this is PL for the benefit of those persons who had my lord suffered are victims of the same hospital and we want to assist your lordship on the aspect about the incident where in my lord they about modification which as recently as Should we tell that so far his hospital is concerned it is liable on assignment and simultaneously we want to show your lordship that demons so bad as hospitals are concerned there should be specific rules also, because having different mellowed construction system and having number of instruments which requires separate tools also on this aspect. Therefore, we may be joined as party responded Peter matter, we will assist your Lordships on this aspect where? Yes, Mr. Clinton? Yes, my lord after the last order was passed by my lords. Yes. And that time, I had expressed certain reservations about the information which was to be given by the respondents affidavit, mallards, I have filed on 584, Big Five, which essentially what I have said a few things number one, after my launch had initially passed the original order. The first order, my lords had directed the state as well as the corporation on 17th of August to provide the information, yes. Now that the information was not provided in entirety, in fact, quite a bit of was not provided at all, and some of it was provided is not correct. Therefore, my Lord, my lords by these subsequent order, dated 30th of September permitted me to file the affidavit pointing out what I had to say, and also required the Learn and educate journal to place certain other material on record. Now the I have filed my rejoinder to the affidavit in reply file by the Corporation, which is at page 585, as well as the state respondent number four. If my laws are made me I can point out what was not pointed out by reading the affidavit the first step, the first part of My rejoinder is with the corporation. Oh, have you received this affidavit of the state? Yes, yes. Both if there is one. Not the first affidavit of the corporation has been filed on 28th of September. Thereafter, the state has filed an affidavit. Also, was every bit of 24th October 2020. Yes. Yes, that don't try to see that. That what happened was there was an action taken report submitted to me. I had requested the learned education at the time, why why should it not be placed on affidavit? That is why I believe subject was the limit. I do get jealous to say they file an affidavit yesterday, day before this, I'm sorry, on the 24th. Now, that is pursuant to the action taken report. They've transcribed it in the form of an affidavit very well be that as it may, if filed an affidavit on page 580 555 Yes, my lots out what the state has not said that not said say give me my load some orders are passed or some notifications are issued, they are only on paper, they are not even implemented in any form. Now, except being printed. The second aspect is the details of the various not no objection certificates, and various other aspects are pointed out by me in the prayer clause have not been highlighted. And most important, the state says that the corporation is an autonomous body governed by a separate act, it can appoint and do what it wants with regard to those appointments when vacancies so the state does not have anything to say as regards that but the corporation's door vacancies are pointed out no affidavits except the corporation has caught just my Lodge. Now. We would like to do a final hearing of this matter. At that way. We had given a sufficient opportunity to the state and the governmental corporation to find the revenue to take care of the entire state of Gujarat and the corporation would take care of the end the bad news state district only called Yes, yes. Now whatever has come today, before us for the first time this 24th October, would you like to say something file a reply to it? No, no, no, I wouldn't like medicine this wise bill. Let me make things clear with Mr. puntual and Mr. ramani. And then we come back to you. All right. Now Mr. Rivera, you have filed an application for Yes, I will file the application for joining party. We want to further aid one aspect that so far is ospital are concerned there should be specific rules because this lad you have mentioned in your affidavit in application. Yes application we have stated we want to elaborate that that's when we aspect very well. So you don't wish to file anything further. You want to make submissions on that right? No, I will mean sir prefer if once I am joined, I can prefer means file to everyone. This is a public interest litigation your party is not all that important that you're assisting the court is relevant All right, let's find anything you should have find it with your joining application. When you will I will means I will further to the file immediately might not the material and how much time it did one week time. Any time any time. We will not see peaks as early as possible. I will do it right wherever. Mr. pancha you don't wish to find anything further now nominal but I would like to write out point out page 620. We are not going to persist mister money. I'm not trying to in any way probably not disturb the proceedings or prolong that. I have annexed at page 620. The Mr. ramani. If you find that you have already taken up those point even not Senior Counsel, I don't want to advise him but he can look at your evidence I will do today. I will do it today and I request Mr. Advani also give me his application because I don't know what he wants to do. I'm supporting the petition. There is no question of supporting or opposing anybody we are all going to hell yes it is in regard their interest so that proper measures of firefighting are taken in buildings which didn't really require it. That's all. That's true. That's good visibility. Now what do you have to say? I used to say Just give me one minute just one submission. But I have pointed out after their affidavits that appointments have not been made. vacancies in all the corporation in the state are unlike this one minute Milan, they may take action otherwise, as many people's Milan they plan to appoint nothing is being done. That's all I'm requesting for As I said, we are not hearing this market today, we will take up this matter on the next date and do a final hearing of it. You have to say whatever Mr. ramani has to say and whatever Mr. Trivedi has to say for the state and the corporation, what we're thinking and take a final decision on the matter if some directions are required to be issued, we will issue those directions. Compliance has been made, we will incorporate that whatever is lacking, we will direct the state to take care of that correct. I'm sorry, yes, it is not i was i was saying this not I am not justified to blame the MVD, even I'm curious state law, we are determined to one extra mile we have to do a lot of things. Therefore, a lot whatever I put in today, we know we have done this in a span from 30th September 2020 when my laws passed the order not by my last remark pacified was that how can that be you know, a cooperation how to be guarded of the eggs. My last remark was absolutely justifiable we immediately took action we'd like to see them all a corporation's are born with the quarterback. file management is right. We are to effect the appointment. My Lord smarty while I will not lose was married to me about Polycom, you know, we are put on record that out of below 672 for sanction, as of today there are only 79 people working we need to see that those posts Yes, below Yeah, that's that's a hard reality. I will not run away. But But all that I would like to say we're not solo gas, this petition is pending. We're not under the pressure. I'm using that one. I'm sorry for that. No, we'll be able to do everything. Let's get ready. as you rightly said that, we are ready to walk a mile further, large government will have to ensure with all beggar polycast to see the posts are manned and filled up in Korea, why why we are saying so much. Practically all Nagar palika cars will come with a begging hand please give us finance because they help every time finance is a big problem for these other bilasa right. And that is the reason why they do not fill up the posts. That will not happen we are providing a finance for that particular purpose. We are putting your timelines for the purpose of effecting appointment, we are trying to check each and every state that we are we are checked up within your positive volition all like a particular puzzle. Now we are taken up the matter and come up with the advertisement you will have to push this issue will push this issue not all that do I wish to say do not let this better be kept pending a bit for a longer time, you know, we'll be able to do one after another. Otherwise, you know my loss will posit directions. Tomorrow my learned friend will come out with the content does not comply with On the contrary he would like to show that we are we are really serious. You tell us a reasonable time to do the maximum yes below the metro maybe careful timing beyond vacation block. In the mean time, Lord, let us know perform. We may we may we may try to satisfy my Lord and then after Oshima think of passing the order. And I'm okay with that. I'm just fine or doesn't party. Well, actually. You may also make note of page 620 logic, we find a reference of the clinical establishments record registration and regulations act 2010. Not probably what is sought to be pointed out by Mr. Giovanni watch it can be taken care of effectively provided you frame appropriate rules under this act. I look into it. Let's just look into it. Look into it on the next date you may assist us on this particular enactment. enactment is of 2010. And specifically deals with hospitals are going to look into this is what I was trying to point out when I requested my Leonard friend Mr. ramani that I can assist no we have noted it we are not just one more aspect my lodge might not the chief justice. Like I just have a look at one paragraph. why I'm saying this. This is in respect of the government dealing with Nagar palika and municipality. As far as this municipal corporations are concerned the state on epidemic has said can we ever look at just one paragraph page 407 No, just one five minutes Can you look at it because they are saying that a corporation they have to do everything based on 07 like I can show my London connection yeah Whether Corporation does it they do it whether government would do it. We are here to do it. We'll see to it that Corporation does the needful. Yes. Yes. Big 408 for just a minute. This is what the state says I'm not saying it alone. PAGE 408 ground or other paragraphs small six, Roman six, Roman six. This is paragraph 16. On on page four. Let us try to trace the brain see what what what I'm trying to point out this ultimately let us do through action below 08 to ground six. They are raising their hands the state the state says ground six paragraph 408408 below. If I had been without true with that particular content, I will not I would not have done what I have done without from patient 621. But I'll point out paychecks to 21 at some point of time for sure I just noted noted noted not? My request is that the vacancies are known to the corporate and let them do something by the next date. That's all I'm saying for the corporations. And I was very lucid in my explanation but I say the same thing. Please always use sigmaplot only thing what concerns me are the facts which are stated on page 625. would request the honorable court to keep the petition pending will not let my lender will appreciate. We are trying to put all my effort into it below. But it is not enough. Sometimes somebody has to walk the extra mile more with more effort 27,003 22 buildings 8410 and ohsas 18,912 building not having NOC like the one is coming I'm not doing it. This is the disturbing feature. We are not running away Milan. My notes are right below. That's what we want. And I would like to see that below these people McCullough and then get the ritual down below. Besides below, Mr. Three, when he said that I will file content, what else can I do my notes, I can mark them up further. And therefore I say keep the petition pending, I think led by next date. We don't let us show that what we were done. But stay tuned for some more sincerity. All right. Okay. very personal to our audit dated 30th September 2020. Mr. panchang. The petitioner in person has already filed an affidavit pointing out to return the condition of the person has already happened he was pointing pointing out to the agencies also, she cultivated an erratic agenda representing not only the state but also the Municipal Corporation. I was somebody who says I can check chair under said originally has not only filed a three page note of the actual take an action taken report on behalf of the respondents but also placed the same by way of an affidavit specifically with yes for the submitted that the state is already get up to take all possible steps to ensure the life and safety fall under the provisions of the to ensure that to make sure that all buildings requiring the NOC from the Fire Safety Department or taking all steps to put up all the necessary implements Make the sort of provisions and obtain the study notebooks and certificates for the service that is reasonable time is allowed the state which is already in the process what come up with further action taken before not only in terms of infrastructure but also whatever in terms of material infrastructure, but also procurement and placement of human resource throughout the state to deal with the firefighting next, why because surely your waste of money I broke it for Mr. Vivek Hubbard counsel appearing for the interview, let's submit that he would also like to add as to how the what should be the relevant rules for hospitals to deal with the firefighting equipment and in the city enosis. sherwani may also file an affidavit within two weeks after serving a copy of the theme, not only on the petitioner but also to the state. Let this matter be now the safe December the second week 114. This 114 December 2020. For the state and the other one is for Corporation, what file their respective further affidavits on or before 10th of December 2020. After selling a copy of the sale on the direct counsel on the petitioner as also delivered counsel 14 intervening Corporation may also make an endeavor because a lot of for making for filling the vacancies, there isn't enough time that maybe appears for the status every corporation is worse under the state. It is not it is only an extended wing of the state government nothing more than that. Let me see the unfortunately appears only for the bad news for cooperation. We have seven others which are not represented, I can ensure state only right. I have been hearing these assurances I have great respect and regard for melon infant but action has not been taken. That's all I'm saying. Let us see. Let me speak for themselves in this manner in greater detail. What exactly the state has done in the last three months otherwise taken to task for I will assist in that behalf. I'm sure ovalized. Back 20 years back Mr. puntual initiated this proceedings without a beard. Beard which has grown great. Yes, ready to the cause. That Mr. Trivedi has also been always protesting as well. I don't mean anything against this God, in fact, because of him and my lords, but this is moving. I'm grateful mela That's a relief. Yes, Mr. devanney. What is this matter? My petition is filed in the year 2019 challenging the order of suspension passed in the year 2011 numbers. Essentially, this is a petition where I would argue your losses would be an interpretation of the rules, more particularly discipline and appeal rules of the state government. You detest. Ultimately you initiated departmental inquiry and dismissed him from ServiceNow sukkos. Notice or it is we have not moved our departmental proceedings have not yet not been initiated, delinquent was so with a church it. So cause notice I've taken specific instructions we have not initiated department not calling upon him to show cause Why? What cause that why do you should not be dismissed from service? No, no, I would point to put it this way. This is a case of deemed suspension. sivasspor, systemically 11 may or may proceed. I point out I point out does not kindly consider the rules. Jesus. Mr. Devaney is not what happened to the criminal prosecution that is pending. That is pending. Now has he attained superannuation? No. He said no, he has not yet 90 is his date of joining. He has not yet some service some sir Jesus it suspension is on account of those criminal cases. Jesus. He was in custody for more than 48 hours skaters and the offense is relating to his departmental governor working in the office. I am grateful. Yes, sir. The offenses that when he was working as a town planner now shows that rule of 90 days when that is it has to be reviewed shows on 07 page one zero, so I am obliged. In fact, this is the rule which is required. Wait, wait a minute, we'll read that relevant rule please map page 108 rule two a because you will be falling under category two, wait a minute, geez. A government servant shall be deemed to have been placed under suspension by an order of the appointing authority. Now, in this case, he was arrested by the police. I am obliged. Yes, sir. He remained in judicial custody For how many days for more because he is granted bail after filing of the chargesheet that's not more than Jesus understood. Now you you are invoking a can be a to a base applause a top is detention is detained in custody, whether on a criminal charge or otherwise for a period exceeding 48 hours followed. Now, 90 days rule next to a next page 109 provided that no such review emilija Lordships one of us an author of G rated deemed to have been made. Under this rule shall be reviewed by the authority competent to modify or revoke the suspension before expiry of 90 days, the effective date of suspension. After such review, the competent authority may pass an order either extending or revoking the suspension. The suspension review shall be made before expiry of the extended period of suspension to the province of obliged and order of suspension made or deemed to have been made under sub rule one or two of these rules shall not be valid after a period of 90 days unless it is extended after review for a further period of 90 days. It's very clear, did you have to be made provisional am obliged provided that no such review of suspension shall be necessary in the case of deemed suspension under sub rule two, which is my case it will be under suspension at the time of completion of the night. Here's a vision of the 90 day period in which case will count to the date of government they will not even your your this proviso is in direct conflict with the rule which you just read the No please words and order of suspension made or deemed to have been made under sub rule one or two of this rule. Please milords shall not be valid after a period of 90 days unless it is extended after review for a period correct please words now read the provision provided that no such review of suspension shall be necessary in the case of deemed a suspension deemed suspension is included at the top reading in one eye to heart and then to continue to be under suspension at the time of completion. I will point out why this proviso might the as far as the first provision is concerned, it is very category interpretations symbols that are collected in men. And with respect to the learning singer judges considered one case identical case, but that was not a case of deemed suspension, their departmental proceedings were initiated or there is delay in this appeal. Please note I am at the stage of delay not use my request for issuance of notice on board delay and how many days delay by a delay of Oliver's answer only 113 days portal 13 you were reinstated if you have not yet still be full miles. We've heard she dm the moneylender DGP for the state appellant issue. Notice on the delay condonation is also the appeal level within four weeks I do business I'm grateful for the date mentioned in the notice. Please don't miss the next one in a similar matter. Next is a matter no it's a different matter not very well. Very pleased. I'm mainly with my loss permission 

