What is the objective of doing that? What is the rationale behind it? Does it object and reasons does it serve any objective purpose? If it is not doing it, then it is clearly arbitrary to discriminate one from the other dude, they are all of the same class. The class has to be considered in light of the fact that the specified class was created in 1981 it was created with one objective and that objective also is spelled out in Section 74 See, financial position and share capital. Apart from that, it is also spelt out from the fact as to the area of operation of the sugar factories, widespread activities which the sugar factories consider in light of that, this was brought in presently Milady. Apart from this, it is also in my humble submission, manifestly arbitrary to delete and the rationale is only one namely, that collected as an excess burden expenses or more, there is no other rationale. And that it is direct membership of an agriculturist is that this amendment, whereby 74 C's file is deleted, is clearly arbitrary, discriminatory and manifestly arbitrary in light of the amendment to the provisions of the interview of the recent judgments of the Supreme Court that is no intelligible differentia to differentiate these societies from the other societies, which are covered under 74, C, more intelligible differentia the only differentia highlighted is limited to that there is a direct membership of the society, which is also there in the Gujarat land bank. Cooperative land bank also means there is a direct direct primary land bank, which is covered under 74 C, land development bank three c three and the area of operation would be throughout the state. This is one rationale. Second rationale is expenses to the society or direct members which would even otherwise be held and third burden to the collector. Which burden is reduced by only 13 societies, our 314. Number in this background, Your Lordship member look at a few judgments. Yes. PAGE 124. of my compilare Yes. Dr. Subramanyam. Swamy. Yes, and your logic can go to page 141. Section 60 at least they shall establish 46 Can you say which paragraph we already had our I want on page 141 page 141. Section 60 of the deadly special police establishment that which was inserted by 45 at 45 leads under deadly Special Economic establishment shall not conduct any inquiry or investigation into the offence alleged to have been committed under the prevention of corruption except with the previous approval of the central government. When such allocation relates to employees of the central government, of the level of joint secretary and about B such officers are appointed by the central government in corporations established by or another central government companies, societies and local authorities owned or controlled by the government. Notwithstanding anything contained in subsection one no such approval shall be necessary for cases involving arrest of a person on the spot of accepting. Yes, yes, will this attacker come to 161 and read it? Page 1234 the most logical logic can a lot of different logic could go from page 157 I will go by but immediately I'll go to page 161 immediately. principles are laid down from paragraph 38 onwards. And paragraph 43, which is page 159 deals with ramkrishna dalmiya. Another page paragraph 41 deals with ramkrishna kalmia. May I read 41 and then go to page 161. The Constitution when you're five judges further cut out the following principle women shaded in the about cases 11 a law may be constitutional even though it relates to a single individual if an account of some special circumstances or reasons applicable to and not applicable to that single individual may be treated as a class by himself. That there is always a presumption in favor of the constitutionality of an enactment. And the burden is upon who attacks it to show that that there has been clear transgression of a constitutional principle. There must be presumed that legislature understand and correctly appreciate the need of its people, that its laws are directed to problems made manifest by experience and that its discriminations are based on adequate grounds. The legislature is free to recognize degrees of harm and, and make confine its restrictions to those cases, when it is deemed to be the clearest thing to offer in all debt in order to sustain the presumption of constitutionality. court may take into consideration matters of common knowledge matters of common report history of the time and may assume every state of fact, which can be conceived as existing at the time of legislation, that while good faith and knowledge of the existing condition on the part of legislation issue. If there is nothing on the face of the law, or the surrounding circumstances brought to the notice of the court on which classification may reasonably be regarded as based the S based the presumption of constitutionality cannot be carried to the extent of always holding that there must be some undisclosed and unknown reason for subjecting certain individuals or corporations to hostile or discriminating legislation. The above principles will have to be constantly borne in mind by the court right is called upon to acknowledge the constitutionality of any particular law, then your lordship can go to page 161. This is in special courts 1978 judgment, the state in the exercise of governmental power as of necessity to make laws operating differently on different groups or classes of persons within it studied. To ethic attain particular ends in giving effect to its policies, and it must possess for that purpose large power of distinguishing and classifying persons or things to be subjected to such laws. Constitutional command to the state to effort equal protection of its laws, sets a goal not it It was by the intention. In mentioned an application of a precise formula for classification will not be constituted by an exact or scientific exclusion or inclusion of persons or things the courts should not insist on the use of exactness or applied doctrinaire tests for determining the validity of classification any given case, classification is justified if it is not palpably arbitrary. The principle underlying the guarantee of Article 14 is not that the same rules of law should be applicable to all persons within the Indian Territory order the same remedies should be made available to them irrespective of the differences of circumstances, it only means that all persons similar circumstance shall be treated alike, both in privileges conferred and liabilities imposed, equal laws would have to be applied to all in the same situation, there should be no discrimination between one person and another. If as regards the subject matter of the legislation, that position is substantially the same. Now that is substantially the same as to be view in light of 40 years of experience. In the state of Gujarat from 81 to 2020. By the process of classification state has the power to determine power of determination, who should be regarded as a class for the purpose of legislation in relation to a law enacted on a particular subject of power, no doubt in some degree is likely to produce some inequality. But if law deals with the liberties of number of well defined classes, it is not open to child charge of denial of equal protection on the grounds that it has no application to other persons classification does mean segregation in classes, whichever systematic relationship usually found in common properties and characters, it postulates a rational basis, and does not mean holding together of certain persons and classes arbitrary, the law can make and set apart the classes according to the needs and exigencies of the society. And as suggested by experience it can recognize even degree of evil, but the classification should never be arbitrary, artificial or evasive, the classification must not be arbitrary, must be rational, that is to say it must not only be based on some qualities or characteristics, which are to be found in all the persons grouped together and not in others who are left out but those qualities and characteristics must have a reasonable relationship to the object of the legislation in order to pass the test. Two conditions must be fulfilled namely, that the classification must be founded on an intelligible differentia which distinguishes those that are grouped together from others, and that differentia must have rational relationship to the objects ought to be achieved. The differential which is the basis of classification and the object of there are distinct things and what is necessary is that there must be some nexus between them. In short, but article forbids class legislation discrimination, by conferring privileges or imposing liabilities on persons arbitrarily selected out of a large number of other concerns. In relation to the privileges sought to be confirmed or the laboratory is proposed to be because it does not forbid classification for the purpose of legislation provided such classification is not arbitrary, in the sense about mentioned that I will only repeat one night that the classification must be founded on an intelligible differential. There should be some intelligible differentia which distinguishes them from another. The intelligible is different Jeff found out by them is they are over various areas, costs are higher. Suffering more cost, the area's collectors. The collector has no time. But I'm sorry. Say the collector has no time to deal with the elections of yes and the collector has no time to deal with the election is that an intelligible differentiate to differentiate the sugar factories one and two, that the differentiate we should have must have a question as to the objects not to be He, what is the object of that? The object of that is only collector. No other object of that less expert time of the collector ever in light of this philologically then go to paragraph 49. There is a challenge to the constitutionality of a law. Yes 49. The courts approach all settled, where there is a challenge to the constitutional validity of by the legislature. The court must keep in view that there is always a presumption of constitutionality of any and appear transgression of constitutional principles must be shown. The fundamental nature and importance of legislative process needs to be recognized by the court, and due regard and deference must be accorded to the legislative process, whether legislation is sought to be challenged as being unconstitutional. violative of Article 14, the court must remind itself to the principles relating to applicability of Article 14 in relation to invalidation of legislation. The two dimensions of Article 14 in its application to the legislation and rendering legislation invalid are now well recognized they are discrimination is not an impermissible or invalid classification and to access it, delegation of power conferment of uncatalyzed and unguided powers on insecurity, whether in the form of delegated legislation or my way of confirming of authority to pass administrative orders. If such Conferment is without any guidance, control or checks, it is violative of articles. The court also needs to be mindful that the legislation does not become unconstitutional merely because there is another view of the audit because another method may be considered to be good or even more effective, like any issue of social or economic policy, it is well settled that courts do not substitute their views on that policy tacked on what the policies and then we'll have it better 70 the provision is struck down and are 68 documents. petition. Like paragraph 68 is referred to finish level sentences from Katherine was the fundamental concept intelligence and how do we decide this is not defined term? It is a matter of practice or draggers because the state isn't a limited version breaking this fast. Yes, paragraph 68 and 7068 and 70. Well, they discussed that there is no differentiation between bureaucrats some level and above and others working in the department. That would be in the facts of that case that they did not find that in this case that say that there is an invisible division and the state will try and justify this action. That of course, we understood that basic principle is correct. Secondly, mellowed by sufficient would mean that apart from these two basic principles, that new principles which has been now introduced is manifest arbitrariness to delete this cloth on the basis of representation by the societies and the director is manifestly arbitrary and is required to be struck down on that principle. And this principle is now laid down into judgments of the Supreme Court. Jewelry do we only get sir Tom? This gets bit late. Whatever was just one minute Yes I would like to beacon Yes, let's take another job and start a new life continue a lot. Yes. So the logic mirror look at 2018 10 sec page one and page page one at page miguez Jonathan Shaw Shah normal 2018 10 sec page one, not 11 is JC page 108 Then sec page, two judgments are the books within their bulky I did not get the printer return books therefore as the court master these are the last two judgments a judge already received it is not rare in the compilation oh yes in the calculation central channel it is there, but the printout was not possible it is find it be 300 400 pages and 2007 9018 nsec. We are getting both the boosts you have mentioned. Yes. Noticing jar Yes. My friend would like to read first and then this I will refer prefer to read this first and then Siobhan will first in point of time that's why I say that, but that was a single judge you I take them that you hear the majority the full judgment is taking the view only examine people particularly we looked at each other. Yes, paragraph your logic and go first to paragraph 343 353. I paid 186. Yes, in so far as article 14 is concerned. This court in China, but overseas Union of India has stated in paragraph 101 let us get to carry provision can be struck down on the ground of manifest. And the provision is can vicious, irrational and all without adequate determining principle as also if it is excessive or disproportionate, we find that section 377 in penalizing consensual case x is manifestly arbitrary. They're not going into the merits of the case. Your Lordship can then go to paragraph 408 408. h Yes, a litany of our decisions. Our decisions to refer to them individually would be a pirogue Parade of the fabric. To be reasonable classification under Article 14 two criteria must be met the classification must be founded on an intelligible differentia. And the different job must have a rational Nexus to the objective sought to be achieved by the legislation. There must be in other words, we have causal connection between the basis of classification and the object of the state. If the object of the classification is illogical, unfair and unjust, the classification location will be unreasonable. Yes, Your Lordship would go to the other judgment years 2017 volume nine after discussing elaborately all the previous judgments of the Supreme Court Eric It was interesting. Paragraph 111 one page 99. One Yes. Constitutional bench of this court in Indian Express versus Euclid of India stated that it was settled law that subordinate legislation can be challenged on any grounds available for challenge against the plenary. This, there is no rational distinction between the two types of legislation when it comes on to this round of celliant under Article 40. That test of manifest arbitrariness, therefore, as laid down in the aforesaid judgments will apply to invalidate legislation, as well as subordinate legislation under Article 40. Manifest arbitrariness, therefore, must be something done by the legislature cap graciously, irrationally or without adequate determining principle. Also, when something is done, which is excessive and disproportionate, such legislation would be manifestly we are, therefore of the view, that arbitrary attacks in the sense of manifest arbitrariness, as pointed out by us about would apply to negate legislation as well under Article then if your lordship could go just before that, then 100. Complete the picture, it is important to know that subordinate legislation can be struck down on the ground that it is arbitrary and therefore violative of Article 13 of the Constitution in cellular operators, this court referred to earlier precedents and we have already seen that one of the tests for challenging constitutionality of a subordinate legislation is that the subordinate legislation should not be manifestly Arbitron also is settled law that subsidy legislation can be challenged or any other grounds available for challenge against the plate or the legislation. That test of manifest arbitrariness is well extended into judgments of this court. In Buda distilleries versus state of Canada. It is next submitted before us that the amended rules are arbitrary unreasonable and cause undue hardship and therefore violative of Article 40. Although the protection of Article 19, one g may not be available to them, the rules must undoubtedly satisfy the test of Article 13 which is a guarantee against arbitrary election. However, one must be bear in mind that what is being challenged here under Article 14 is not executive action but delegated legislation. The test of arbitrary action which applies to executive action do not necessarily apply to delegated. Well GBP is such a law which could not be reasonably expected to emanate from an authority delegated withdraw making power in Indian Express was a Union of India this Court said subordinate legislation does not carry the same degree of state. Legislation may be questioned under Article 14 on the grounds that it is unreasonable not in the sense of not being reasonable, but in the sense that it is manifestly arbitrary. In comparison between the law in England that in India, the court further observed that in England judges would say Parliament never intended the authority to make such rules. They are unreasonable and arbitrary, is not a separate ground since it will come within the embargo particle, but the subordinate must be so arbitrary that it could not be said to be in conformity with the statute that it offends article tammela this principle is now applied, even to legislation by these two judgments, which was earlier applicable to look Am I audible? Yes very much. It was earlier applicable only to subordinate legislation after cida motto and object syndrome In my submission, the provision deleting clause five is not only discriminatory, no rational, irrational, but also manifestly arbitrary it is required that I conclude my arguments Thank you Mr. Ricardo. Now, Mr. Joshi, Mr. Giannis to carry on these January is a lot but I appearing spatial ca 6776 of 2020 Yes. But I do not dispute that the state legislature has power to enact and delete under entry 32 or phase two of seven cheju. But my submissions would be yes, that this deletion this amendment is discriminatory arbitrary and it is unreasonable. And it flies in the face of it the judgment of division meant to have a high court hearing to Grand Federation itself was the party itself and filed the writ petitions. So, also a couple of super cooperative societies had also filed the writ petitions in the year 1981 82. And they had failed to make out the provision says unconstitutional right. So, in a way, a lot this legislation amounts to deleting the effect of the judgment without changing a base or rigid blood. Now, I may point out a lot the broad controversy and the issues. But as has been stated that there are more than 81,000 primary cooperative societies and 343 specified cooperative societies mujra social and economic contributions is substantially apart from industries substantially on account of cooperative movement in the state of Gujarat says last more than 100 years by law, but in the year 1976. The state law commission headed by a retired judge gave the report to honorable minister that certain changes required to be in the provisions of goodra cooperative societies act 1961. For a very expert body like state law Commission had suggested the changes into goodra cooperative societies act followed thereafter. Numerous conference sub states, different cope different states cooperative ministers also thought it appropriate that there is a need to make necessary changes in the cooperative societies act of respective states. But taking the guidance and based on such experts opinions 10 guidance. The state initially issued the ordinance ordinance came to be issued in the year 1981 for act number six of 1981 and second ordinance in the year 1982. For the act tops 23 or 90 days before followed these two ordinances were aimed to see that one certain cooperative societies have acquired the character of a public offices their holders of the office have acquired the position of public office. The nature of the working of certain cooperative societies is of such a paramount importance to the society and the state at large that certain important amendments in the form of granting admission to the members in the form of regulating the working and in the form of elections, sub certain cooperative societies, whether they are federal or not federal. certain provisions required to be made. But this was as I pointed out to a lot she was based on the expert opinion these 1981 act and 1982 that is act six of 1981 and 83 of 1982 at subject matter of reputations by suger cooperative societies and Gujarat cooperative suger Federation's they had challenged the constitutional validity of enter Went back before the division bench of the High Court. So far as section 74 C and chapter 11. A our concern, the honorable court rejected the challenge of super cooperative societies on the count that it is violative of their fundamental rights guaranteed under part three of the Constitution of a. So a classification made by the state based on state law commission's report based on cooperative ministers conference about categorizing certain cooperative societies, as a special society as specified cooperative societies got the seal of approval by a judicial process by the division banks of the High Court. This is my Lord in the year 1984. This judgment of division banks or goodra, High Court blood PCs, one of the important factor Milan is relevant for considerations. state of Gujarat is also all the petitioners said preferred specially petitions before the honorable Supreme Court. And during the pendency of the slps of both the parties, the question arose that who should hold the elections of these specified cooperative societies honorable Supreme Court past the interim order, and directed that deputy Registrar of Gujarat High Court will hold the elections of specified cooperative society, so that there is a element of fairness, objectivity, and it can make any allegations followed thereafter, when the specially petitions came up for hearing before the honorable Supreme Court, both the parties withdrew the respective slps and that is how Milan the judgment of division Bank of Gujarat High Court holds roughly. So, from the year 1984, till the year 99 2010. Societies which are categorized by virtue of their importance of functioning by virtue of their economic contributions, by virtue of the number of members which a society has, by virtue of the overall impact upon the society and the state as a whole. The legislature classified these number of societies as special society that is called specified societies, as also legislature gave power to the state government to further notify certain societies having regard to the financial position and share capital of the societies. But so far as suger cooperative societies are concerned from day one, that is from the day on which ordinance came to be issued by the governor, as the Act came to be passed by the legislature being act number six of 1981 suger cooperatives are considered to be specified cooperative society having regard to their important functioning into the entire setup of Gujarat, social economical, financial and political also. So, they were categorized as specified cooperative societies from day one and the challenge of these suger cooperative societies had failed. But this is Milan as my lords have seen, importance of suger is found to be so considerable by the state government that with respect to suger, only, the state has created a separate directory that is called director of zubaan. And powers are conferred of the registrar cooperative societies to the director of suger palardy in the state of Gujarat cooperative sectors melotte is in the banking cooperative sector is in melotte make cooperative sector is in our setup in housing, but there is no director of housing society, there is no director of a milk produce producing society, there is no director or register of the banks or cooperative banks, except for the classification inside them. But the state has created a separate apart for the purpose of sewer cooperatives in the state of Gujarat, because a lot the state has Milan seen that this suger cooperative societies followed on an average every suger cooperative society has around 15,000 to 25,000 individual members In addition to melot, every suger cooperative societies produce mallord millions and tons and tons of different items followed, including byproducts like molasses, spirit, denatured, spirit, eternal and such as ethics. It is in this background, that the legislature has thought it appropriate that suger plays a very pivotal role into the functioning of our economy. And therefore, the holder of the post occupy a very important position and that is acting to public office. Now in this background by Lords may be pleased to appreciate the scheme of Gujarat cooperative societies act section 74 says that members are the supreme body. Indonesia or a society members are the supreme body that is a lot the shareholders in the present case, not a single super cooperative society has Ballade broad these legislation to the notice of the members. All of these petitions and proceedings have been filed. It has come to our knowledge, my Lord, that two or three suger cooperative societies have tried to do it, but the fact of the matter is a lot a body who is a supreme body in the scheme of any cooperative societies act. So my 15,000 members a lot so far as my society is concerned, in my society, there are 15,000 shareholders 15,000 are the members. No member is informed that our chairman is interested in having the elections of this nature. So, my Lord, those who are the backbone of the entire cooperative structure in the setup of the cooperative societies are not informed either by the state or by their respective cooperative societies. Then a lot second stage. A lot of cooperative societies function on the principle of democracy. And democracies element is that rechner election should take place. Isn't bank job goodra High Court back in the year 1984 records that malpractices have started, applied being applied by respective persons in the lectionary. This was the position in the year 1981 84. That is, my Lord, the reference of division bank in the judge already in 2019, what was done as a reformative steps by the state legislature in 1981. Just one versus me, yes. Yes, Mr. Ghani? Yes. Hello, Jeff, what what was the reformative steps taken by the state legislature in the year 1981. For narrow political gains, the state the end the legislature has taken the appropriate steps in 2019. By bringing this impugn mn match, my lords may be further pleased to appreciate melotte that is the reasons given by the state in the objects and reasons bulat are far from truth. They are nothing but melotte saying with all sense of responsibility, it is eyewash for these reasons, there are 343 specified cooperative societies in the state of Gujarat is admitted by the state government out of 343 melotte. We have the state central cooperative banks for district different estates Milan. Yes, their area of operation certain distinct banks operations are not only in one district, but in more than one districts. For example, Milan Lesson artistic central Cooperative Bank Limited, its area of operation is mehsana artistics area of operation is patterned districts and its area of operation is to talukas of gandhinagar districts. So, also mehsana district cooperative make union its area of operation is part of certain alguacil pattern districts, entire mehsana districts and gaadi to talukas of Medina disks. mala, these specified cooperative societies. I would respectfully urge your Lordships to see Romans six B, which is taluka cooperative processing societies and Roman and 74 C D, which is taluka selsun purchase cooperative societies a lot in the state of Gujarat. This taluka cooperative sales and purchase organization which is Milan x serial MRP in list of 74 c followed what is their function, their function is a lot that they are they just saw fertilizers company, so, they would purchase fertilizers and we'd give it to the farmers and would have a mission or discount of one rupee or two rupees per bag. So, their annual profit would be 50,000 60,000 75,000. The base of the cooperative Union would have profit of two corrode for three corrodes of rupees, there will be some taluka cooperative societies, which are essentially melotte a link between the farmer and the company for the purpose of providing fertilizer or pesticides or thermometry. So, there will be only one or two rupees on a cell. These societies election when takes place after a period of five years, collector and Deputy collector would hold at elections. The state legislature My Lord does not find it necessary that there is a expenditure there will be traveling expenditures collectors are overburdened collectors do not have the time. No such reasons come for a lot. The reason is obvious. Well Are these 13 Suga cooperative societies are headed by powerful people belonging to the ruling party. Honorable minister of cooperation was piloted this bill belonging to these only part but honorable Minister for cooperation who has piloted this bill is the chairman of the cooperative society as stated by my learned friend the representation of suger Federation is by former Deputy Speaker and former member of parliament to delete sections these societies, but for taluka cooperative union, this element would not come for the reason that there is nothing in the functioning of Tonka cooperative union. There are no business there are only they are the collecting agency or they are generalizing agency or they are the supplying agencies, they would get 100 500 rupees or 1000 rupees profit every day. So, there is no interest meloche suger cooperative societies a lot my learned friend has pointed out as turnover of 400 corrode 500 crores of rupees. Now, a lot Another reason is which is pointed out so, collector will have the time for holding the election of a remote taluka cooperative sales and purchase union with a paltry turnover of some lakhs of rupees, but he would not have that time for the purpose of holding the election of his Hoover cooperative society. My Lords may be further pleased to say there is another Roman six there is another society that is cooperative spinning wheels. Yes, not cooperative spinning wheels are a lot of workers, those who are engaged in a lot of repairing a lot handmade handlooms cloths and other things, but they are the persons belonging to particular class Milan is of a particular background. So, that society the collector should hold the elections all taluka cooperative processing units processing units means a lot there is a lot as a cotton manufacturer society cotton producers societies. So, when they want to convert cotton into other products, there is a taluka cooperative societies union So, their collector has the time. So, for carrying out the elections in these many number of societies, which are absolutely Milan in the state of goodra Milan only two sectors are cooperate youths have political economic importance that is milk and second is Suba. So far as other cooperative sector is concerned, but it is a sector essentially engaged into distribution of goods or supplying services or becoming a chain between the main supplier and the user. So, this society's mollard are not worthy of any importance from every corporate even housing society is also important. But this society's from the purview of power that we is of less insecure, have no significance at all. So far as one who controls melotte suger cooperative societies, he controls 15,000 voters 20,000 voters 25,000 feminists. So, there My Lord, the representations are prepared a lot, I would further point out that this is in complete violation of the scheme of cooperative societies act. And article 43 B, which is not my lords have considered it to be constitutional, and article 91 c, where cooperative societies are to function on democratic principles. Our democratic principles would require regular elections, and not the elections in the manner in which followed, we find the elections to be held, being seen by law in some other countries Milan, or some other places Milan, where election sees Milan a just a on record. Already, in my case, what has happened, but I may point out the grossness of the effects. In my case, for not, after the deletion of this particular provision, outgoing committee whose term is extended because of korona a lot they're prepared election rules. And their election rules say that either one of us is not contesting the election, he would become the director, he would become a election officer. And if all of us are contesting election, anyone who would who he will decide but hold elections, and he would become election office. My Lords are flooded with my Lord, the petition smaller than the Market Committee act and other laws with respect to preparation of voters placed even where a independent agency is working. Here, the outgoing chairman and outgoing body would appoint. So this time I would say that I am not contesting I will take care of you as election officer. And you contest it and thereafter, we'll make sure that appropriate care is taken off mine. So he would melot Elluminate voters who are not to the entire group, he would reject the nomination. He would need to decide who is elected and who is not elected. This would Ballade create a situation where illegality will be perpetuated monopoly will be permit perpetuated and it is to remove such wrongdoings Milan election or in that state court it appropriate in 1981 to break said reformative that is sought to be undone for narrow benefits for narrow political reasons. There is no rational there is no logic. Now malade another aspect is pointed out to all of our chips that is expenditures by the society a lot in the affidavit. Every year's progress is pointed out every year income or expenditures are pointed. Election takes place after a period of five years. Then my lords may be further pleased to appreciate polite collectors or deputy collectors do not charge a single rupee by becoming a election officer. No amount is debited in direct collected by Lords may be further please to appreciate from these societies Registered Office, Office of collector and Deputy collectors are not more than 40 kilometers. There is a distance Milan These are a lot these super cooperative 13 hour days in AutoCAD district sewer districts, the districts and Versa districts. These are the four districts Milan central Gujarat and South Gujarat, where these super cooperative societies are situated, but not a single Not a single super cooperative society is at a distance of 40 to 50 kilometers from the Office of deputy collector and Deputy collector First work as the electron office. So, it is pointed out that that traveling expenditures are high, their convenience charges are very high. A lot set, lame excuses are presented. These very collector a lot in Boots can go to 120 kilometers away at the ALU up days for conducting elections in brain one, a cooperative union. But if he's to go from Surah to muddy or surah to delta or surah to bardoli, it is the state presents before your Lordships. The traveling expenditures are causing serious prejudice to the members and they are finding it difficult to deal with such lame excuses are presented. And I would respectfully submit to your Lordships. If the state had about objects Milan and collectors, there is nothing one record that any collector is able to give that state that he has he finds it difficult, but I go further. Just enter there is an entire setup of register cooperative societies office or district register as in every districts, they are familiar with the word instead of Milan, the legislature had a lot out of them, it would have said but collectors are very busy. I replaced the name of collector with district register. He's also a class to class one officer. He would instill a lot equal confidence a lot in the elections. But the intention is different and projects and is different. The idea is that sir collectors are very busy. Third, there is expenditures we are cooperative. Every super cooperative society whose turnover is 200 or 400. corrode. It would not be expended one minute. Mr. Gianni. Yes, my lord. We had put this question to Mr. Tucker also. Yes. Different form, but yet again. Yes. Within your resistance and screen permission. Yes. Or do you? What is the reason why the state has brought about this amendment? this amendment a lot. Yes. But I have the object and reasons are presented to that we have red object and regions are one of the collectors visit. The other is expenditure? Yes, these are the two reasons a lot and there is no discussion. In fact, Milan I'm going to show to your Lordships. That director of saga has not stated all the facts. That is our question. Why has the state brought about this amendment? What is only to see Milan that the they overcome the judgment of Supreme Court, which is my learned friend Mr. Tucker refer to bedrock for that, but it requires constituencies to be determined that is well. Secondly, the collectors and Deputy collectors participation as election officer is objective and independent. And that is causing wetter and difficult occur all government servants valid there is Milan. Very few cases a lot which would come before your Lordships with respect to Milan elections. Office specified cooperative societies wherein your Lordships would find the orders of deputy collectors and collectors. Very, very sound very detailed and dealing with all the issues. Well, our real reason is a lot of a lot. the rigors of these gun control, yes, control of direct these collectors and in Milan to get out of the basement of Supreme Court which has determined for details like this followed I give the example. In my society there are 16 seats, but for the present to understand Milan, I would say 15, six and 15,000 are voters. Supreme Court's judgment, honorable Supreme Court's judgment in that court says that you will need to mine the constituencies in equal proportion. So 15,000 will be divided into 15. So every constituency would have been 1000. Secondly, it would be geographical. And thirdly, that those who fall into that area would only give one vote. Now, my lord with this stage, what would happen is that I am a voter. There are 1516 seats. So I would be voting for 1516 candidates, resultant effect would be my Lord, that composition would not be 15. Every constituency as for the 82 rules, yes. And as per 145, Chapter 11. A Yes B constituencies, the electorate over constituency would be different. Every voter list, yes. Therefore, it is likely that those voters would not be entitled to vote in another country. It is exactly on pattern of elections. Without selection. Yes. Now those 15 constituencies, the members are elected, yes. And then they lead the gentleman and the vice chairman and vice chair. So today according to you, the government apprehends that those individual constituencies they will not be able to gain support. And therefore they are trying to do away with these constituencies. Like this was the honorable Supreme Court. I don't understand why the government directed Yes. With my son to the UN services and conjectures petition, that is the very ground trigger interpretation that remove the basis. That's all. Like I said, I submit like this moment where after 90 days with 1982 rules a lot in 2015 badnik of Supreme Court Milan, there were certain specified cooperative societies, including certain super cooperative societies, which were not holding the election constituency vise and only after the judgment of Supreme Court Milan, all these specified cooperative societies have or might be costly to LCC if they have not determined honorable Supreme Court segment is that collector himself who determined that is the reason what therefore, in a given case, if any suger cooperative society has not determined 15 constituencies collector, Deputy collector working as election officer would himself to it and would determine the cost sequences and would allocate the voters indirectly proficiencies and also the voters of their respective constituencies precise and then there would be an addition of electing a member there. Yes, electing one member. One member Yes, but now with this change that is gone away result that I give a lot illustrations a lot. Save a lot in San Diego if you are not in a position to amend the bylaws because you are elected member of maybe a member of that society that's all Muller does in supporting the government and this is what it is happy with the amendment. So, now it is valid everybody valid one goes to maternal uncle's place and mercy is serving a lot. That is the proverb in our Gujarati you cannot generalize with each and every society we know there are more than 80,000 societies where do not specify society rules are not applicable. I come to I will address he says this is the most lucrative society This was already hundreds of rows I agree 100 of growth 1020 50,000 rupees. So I'd be doing your business 100 crore by the end of the year I do losses. What is the significance of that? society will or is doing really bad at any computer, yes Milan airport is 2015 segment Lord has unsettle many cooperative leaders, because a lot you have to be popular in the constituency in an entire area of working because those 15 persons who didn't come elect me a lot earlier what used to happen that certain pockets Milan would not vote or and save a lot in city of M dhaba. There are 15,000 Super cooperative doors in Ellis bridge area there are say 7000 so 7000 words re start not interested or not voting somewhat, all the 10 percents from these at least Regia 15% would get elected, keeping aside Milan, other areas of city often though, it would get remain underrepresented, while I this 2015 judgment is removing this anomaly and there is a representative character of a specified in a specified cooperative society because constituencies are created. So even most backward area most difficult area would have also been state who would espouse their cause into the setup of the district court specified cooperative society. So this is my Lord, a big challenge to many, many cooperative leaders. And that is the reason why 2015 Pollard honorable Supreme Court said so, what is to be done? So, you repeal the sections. So, again in 2013, there were representations at representation did not give any reason. Now, Milan 2015 is again creating a very serious situation. So, what do you do, you start making produce the same representation in the same language, all these three cooperative societies representations are awarded identically in the same language, same word, same points. And then a lot former Deputy Speaker and former MP who is the chairman of this Federation, submit it to the honorable minister. And unfortunately, a lot the officer of the rank of director of tsuga does not provide true and correct details to the state government by suggesting the deletion of cooperating societies mullard in the earlier later, he has said that there are certain cooperative societies who are members in Super cooperative societies may be very negligible or delay later, subsequent later, which is the cause of these impugn amendment, he does not refer to that sentence and he says Maha Don Shea cooperative societies on campus. So, the state standards that only individual members are there. And my lords, to whom my Lord, I am will press molenet when Mr. Prajapati is appearing for society, I have placed on record society's chairman is facing serious cases of default patients running into lakhs and crores of rupees. So, his body would determine the election officer. And we are there it is stated by the state that 80,000 cooperative societies there is no issues. So, while you are raising the voice, I come to that point out of 80,000 cooperative societies 17,000 cooperative societies are housing societies alone who is interested in becoming Chairman in my society melotte in annual general meeting everyone is fighting not for becoming Chairman, but for insisting somebody to become chairman for these are 17,000 societies. This is the experience of everyone. If somebody is requested and you will come back he would say no, no, I have some work. I have this problem, this problem, this problem. There is nothing by law to be there in the chair becoming chairman of housing so 17,000 there is no score as a society. That's, I beg your pardon. There is no shortage in the housing society. There is no sewer. There is no sewer. Only this my record is not clean. My house is not clean, that Radu Allah has not come. So nobody's wanting to become chairman. So this These are 17,000 per 10,000 societies or village village level societies 10,000 sir credit cooperative societies the overwhelming number so I am now from this specified cooperative societies category. And now melotte place into the basket of these housing cooperative societies did save our cooperative societies can these credit cooperative societies? Alright, that is how the state is wanting to seem a lot that democratic process and Directive Principles of state policy are adhered to by the state by introducing such provisions. I would further melotte point out to Elachi smothered, my lords were pleased to point out that what is the difference except the elections valid for three four categories of differences? But before he says the Lord's honorable chief justice was pleased to put this query? Well, our four differences which will take place are this a lot in a specified cooperative society. The term of chairman and vice chairman is two years and six months. And after two years and six months, there has to be election again. For the chairman and vice chairman, yes. compulsorily election has to take place, that is the mandate of statute under Section 74. c two. Once I am transferred as a primer in this housing category, societies, melodic Chairman can have five E's there is no embargo. Now, other than specialises, it is the time of chairman and vice chairman is five years, five years there is no reference. So it is five years. So once I become chairman of suger, cooperative society, I will be chairman for a period of five years. Now, if inertia society if this amendment is upheld, yes, the Vice Chairman would become five years five, five years instead of two years and six months, which was there. Then Milan next, next is under Section 76. There is a specific provision that state can nominate its members in spite of Section 82 Yes, it is not a provision there is a general provision of nomination of government representatives and the section 80. Here specific section provides appointment of government nominee under Section 74 c into bracket three, a section 74 into bracket three into bracket a. Such is not the provision my god kindly See, my lord I married he immediately stopped 74 see subsection three maybe see yes, notwithstanding anything in the bylaws of society the committee of management shall be elected by the general body of members of the society and all other committees authorized by our under the bylaws may be constituted by electing or appointing process from amongst the persons who are members of the committee of management and all such committees shall be subcommittees of the committee of management, and shall be subordinate to be provided that it shall be lawful for the state government, who nominated representative on a committee of any such society under Section 80. So a specific provision is made under Section 74 c three a for nominating it under Section 80. No, but why certain conditions to be fulfilled. Undoubtedly, but this is not a specific provision minute by the legislature can only see from 81 because 80 into bracket two came later on 18 to bracket two, this is not the provisions melotte from act 536 or 81. I accept that in any society. Having regard to certain situations, what difference would it make? The difference which would make is that so far as section 80 is concerned, only when the society has subscribed to the share capital, the nominee question can be made under Section 1200. And under subsection two, only were in the opinion of the registrar having regard to the working of a society, there is a public interest in work, then only the state can appoint the government now me. So those two conditions according to me, a lot are done away with by reference to Section 7674. Three into me. So this is melodic difference. My Lords may not find a lot, because this section, this reference is not hedge with any conditions or any require. No one will be very clear on this. Yes, yes. Yes. Yes. subsection three? Yes. Section 74. capital C? Yes. You just laid out. And you say that it shall be lawful for the state government to nominate its representative on a committee of any such a society under Section 80. Yes. But this section is 80 does not refer to any specified society or a non specified his writings? Undoubtedly, undoubtedly, I'm told, it only mentions about where the society's subscribing capital or the status funded or whatever it is, yeah, all those conditions, the state would be entitled to send its nominee what is the right please watch it. So, that power the state already has independent of 74 c three, it only by passing the amending act of six of 1981 this particular provision is introduced a lot at into earlier melotti it was a 18 to bracket one in a particular contract 1982 and 80 into bracket two was not only my number 23 of 1982. And this is in the top six of 1980. But my Lord may be pleased to appreciate this is in the act of sickness of 1981 and subsection two is by act 23 of 1980 right. So, it may or may not overlap I except Milan that ultimately even though it would not have been he could have been besotted This is Milan a difference and kindly seem a lot straight away section 76 just near to it. Officers and employees and their condition sub service the qualifications condition sub service tab shedule procedure of recruitment for appointment of a manager, Secretary accountant or any other officer or employee of all urban cooperative banks, federal societies and specified cooperative societies as referred to in Section 74 C, but excluding the societies of the cooperative credit structure shall be such as may from time to time be prescribed. So sagarmala once it is taken out of specified cooperative societies section it goes out of the clutches of Section 76. All right. Now your lacis may be pleased to see section 81 may be seen which is in relation to Super session. Yes. A lot This section well are generally in all specified cooperative societies and would be bylaws registers nominee would be the person as ex officio director. But melotte in primary cooperative societies, like credit cooperative societies or God Seva cooperative societies or housing cooperative societies generally register or distinct registers do not become a lord ex officio member in the board of directors of debt cooperative society. Well our debt completely changes the elections in prison sooner this earlier provisions continue the register or the state government may be completed to take action with the introduction with the exclusion of the specified societies, this sugar cooperative from the purview of specified society, the state register at district level would be taking disciplinary action center section 81 of the tobuy laws mala do make the promises that it is because of Virginia Emory cooperative society and would hardly find the bylaws where register would be requested to Sandy's navini as the member of the managing committee only where the societies are of a character of specified cooperative societies such provisions are made. So, these are the distinguishing feature, but the normal most important distinguishing features are this My Lords are kindly seem a lot chapter 11 A that is Milan in the election two elections kindly see section 145 Hello, this is in relation to disqualification for membership. So, if I want to be a member in a specified cooperative society, in a super cooperative society, I have to have this qualification and should continue to have disqualification and should not incur any disqualification. This is section 145. As well this is on the line of principles contained under representation of PeopleSoft India's act 1951 follow this is section 145. A lot that would not be about this quality of membership, yes, a lot here in the election by laws, which I annex that detail provisions would not be found by your Lordships such a detailed and rigorous provisions would not be found by your office. He should be bar and he should be deciding how to bench Mr. Audio Mr. Gianni audio Yes, yes. So section 145 is taken out. So all these qualifications are not there. So I Yes, Chairman and my board members would decide, but even if somebody has committed murder, somebody has committed a default condition, we should not have that disqualification, so he can be a medical model. So what has been held by honorable Supreme Court in people's union of democratic reforms, way back in 19 96%, has been held in Lily Palmer's case, what has been brought in statute books since 1981, it will be given by so all types of elements followed, to which the lawmaker of the Constitution makers desire, that only those who are really dedicated to the cause of service to the society should come forward in public life should come forward in cooperative sectors politic will be given go by this is section 145. So, no qualification No Disqualification, except was limited which a society made sell, take the appropriate and melotte no limitation Saqqara practice would apply under Section 135. So, I can one candidate can bribe anyone as he wishes or can bring any type of influence and all types of pills to which our electoral system is suffering. This prohibition will be are completely lifted 145 J. Then my Lord 145 M is lifted. 140 5k secrecy is lifted. Then under penalties at all. Post disputes which are referred to are not to be applied, except molars somebody may volunteer to do is that is a different thing. But this statutory recourse are lifted. If cooperative society may as well say that only one county would be permitted to contest the election that is on a values approach, but law gives way to have playroom in the manner in which the elected board thinks it appropriate. Then another important thing about the election disputes once this tsuga cooperative is lifted from the list of specified society, Gujarat cooperative tribunals jurisdiction is taken out. The draft cooperative tribunal is to be manned by a retired High Court judge or a district that retired District Judge as judicial officer and as head of the tribunal and there are rigorous provisions made with respect to functioning of mudra cooperative. So, it is a detail election petition like the one and section 80 of representation of peoples of India's act before the honorable High Court. So, a defeated candidate or the one whose nomination is rejected, has to file election petitions with such strict and rigorous standards of maintaining election petition which is a dedicated which is to be adjudicated and determined by hyper debt for a district judge. And he is the person presiding over the banks, he is supported by administrative officers, but he is the person with to preside over the bench and his words and his views would be fine. So, such judicial flair is given to the decision making process. Once it is lifted out Milan there is a provision of registers nominee registers nominee means a lot earlier a lot before 5070 years. And you start by deciding the disputes because of multiple paths what they have appointed their representatives who are called nominees. And they are mullard in three categories, either a person with the lawyers background, either a person who has some judicial background at the level of jmfc or civil senior division or third category thought sources joint register with LLB degree. So, we have a lot in state of Gujarat, considerable number of nominees, who are administrative officers working as that and they are not support they have to do the justice as per conscience that is a lot the equity and conscience so they can interfere before election they can interfere after election they can restrain anybody after after though one may have been elected and registers nominees melotte are the nominees melotte who are working in different districts or preferred districts for the nominees. So entire structure is brought down about instead of enhancing a lot, the quality and level the entire setup is brought down by these amendments a lot, which is therefore I use the word it is a retroarch. Me it breaks down my lot d a hard work created up for a period of more than 35 years in the field of specified cooperative societies of sober it brings down my Lord, all those values, all those standards, all those prescriptions, which remained in force for a period of 35 years. So if my nomination is rejected, nominee, I go to nominee court and gets there have an entire process of election election does not take place. Somebody is wrongly well. someone's name is not to be entered into a go to nominees court. So it is far far more easier for any litigating party to approach nominees or Milan who are with great respect a lot or not Yes Yes, flood therefore this is how a lot in the time to come if your Lordships mallord are not intervening Milan in time to come set would be the situation's Milan in the sector of cooperative face. Why do you will not intervening? No in the event indeed by Lords I am I am eternally optimist Milan. No, I am eternally optimist not making this kind of a statement. The logic is not interesting, I'm grateful to Allah, I'm sorry, but I'm extremely sorry should not have used that moment which just is based way you start believing that they are not convinced this, this would help a lot. So such would be the position swallowed the consequences would be unthinkable and a lot beyond a lot of anybody's imaginations. But I have a lot kindly valid now your Laci salad I have provided a lot this summary of the details to your logic smaller. Brief facts you provided? Yes, yes prefix may be permitted for that my lord save the entire comprehensive Hello if collages for a lot use permissions I propose to read the whole of it. Copy. I have circulated sir, to you, your officials. Today in the morning. I have given writing which is only a proposal read the whole of it not all of the with the one which is already dealt with followed I would skip it. As always. Yes. Hello. Hello, Eddie. Chris. Yes, In brief, what we will examine it a lot in paragraph one, I have referred to summary of the case. Yes. And the statement of object and reasons and statement of technical reasons for 81 and 82 act are referred to right. Then, I have in paragraph eight referred to Gujarat state cooperative super Federation and three other suger cooperative societies had filed writ petitions in 1981. Yes, it is very challenging. Yes, they? Yes, 81 and 82, MN and their fate. Therefore, Milan. This amendment has the effect of defacing the effect of a bit of division makes it as much as Milan is petitioner said he will Federation had paid before division bench Federation's contentions and super cooperative contentions swear that it encroaches upon their fundamental rights, and their plea was rejected by the division and division best judgment holds the fail Can legislature enact the law which has at the judicial scrutiny and finality at the hands of these honorable High Court followed this is not the point for consideration by your Lordships in this petitions they have my lord, this is only one thing. This yes it will be for capital See? Yes. What inserted in 1982 or 81, from attend Suga su from 81 it says wait wait wait and D affects society zones All right. So 74 c sub section one small one was inserted in 1982 correct. D affects societies that place is very much a place to very much change and 2345 they all came in 1981 Yes. So, sugar cooperative for which we are concerned was there from day one, day one and this sugar. So, I have a lot pointed out this, then my lords may be pleased to appreciate para 10 maybe consider about this is the strength of the state government and the state have a difference and Milan now para 10 this was asked and then in 1983 Yes, this was the stent then when a nine onwards this was the standard and they said that there have been malpractices of disease in the nature of public office this is in the nature of such activities therefore, yes. So this strongly defended it follow in 81. So, super remains to ml August 2019 suger cooperative's remain super cooperate you see 2019 but yes, the circumstances get changed. So, there is a different view of the matter. So, I have referred to that aspects a lot, um, religion is referred to, as I propose to point out Milan, paragraph 914 may be seen on page seven, paragraph 14, have you seen 97th amendment? Yes, that is a lot inserted, but article 91 C, and article 43 B is saved by your Lordships. Then, my friend, Mr. Taco pointed out that 97th amendment did contain Milan a specific provision that all cooperative societies irrespective of their character, there has to be election authority. That was a lot the provision in Article 243 and that team a lot. There legislature I have stated mallord in paragraph 16 legislature, not section 74 wc a lot I quoted on page eight, legislature broad section 74 Nabulsi for the purpose of creating a machinery of cooperative societies irrespective of the character. Now Milan was honorable Davies and bank followed I referred to paragraph 92 is an act on 22nd April 2013. declared Rajendra shots in the agenda Russia declared 97th amendment as our constitutional contract. Now that procedure under Article 368 is not followed by the parliament. As all state legislatures are not requested to pass the resolution. He has consulted. So it is Union of India has filed Li petitions before that limitation is a law that leave is it was it would have been heard a lot last a lot in the month of April itself a lot. I have referred to the date. Before that is hard. My God state legislature introduced a lot the fastly requested His Excellency governor to issue arenas to delete section 74 C. C. They would not have deleted section 74 see, even better is pending before Supreme Court. It is not as if that some honorable Supreme Court has not given final judgment. Matter is pending. But before that is the heart and therefore I respectfully urge your Lordships in this way. Kindly consider a situation that honorable Supreme Court a false 97th amendment. Then as a necessary corollary, the state would be required to bring election authority Palo Alto treaty societies in the state of Gujarat and petition was listed for hearing in the month of April could not be heard. Even that before that is done not only 74 cc's repeal, but even they want to repeal suger cooperatives and heavily consumer cooperatives from the field of specified cooperative societies. So it is free for all. And I only extend my learned friend Mr. Takata is referred to statement of object and reasons, but I propose to read paragraph 24. But this bill was read three times in a day on 25th of July 2019. But the bill was that is how the bill is to delete super cooperative society from the specified cooperative society came to be passed. No discussion is found to have taken place. No discussion is found to have taken place, His Excellency the governor de sac with a bill on second of August 2019. The same was notified in government extraordinary visit 1/3 August, and notification dated fifth September 2019. The immune amendment came into force thereby taking out super cooperative societies from the list of specified cooperative societies. I'd like to get set up then see what the legislation is passed to delete suger cooperative societies. My respectful submission to Your Lordship is that, as my learned when Mr. Tucker pointed out and say that the point of discrimination law there is no argument that state does not have the legislative confidence about moot point of consideration before launch sheepies then these group of petitions were in a particular basket over a period of 35 years more than 35 years. Is there any special circumstance to lift out a group of sugar cooperatives which were there from day one, from the list of specified cooperative societies and leave it to the Board of Directors leave it to the chairmen who have not added to cooperative principles who have not gone by cooperative principles who have not gone to their members who have not taken them into calculators. chairman's our SAR limited our overall supervision and presiding over the meeting, but nothing beyond that set policy decision. So, we have parliamentary democracy, a lot tomorrow, it is decided shall be presidential form of government, we do not know we are citizens are not to be informed. Well, it's such a smaller the approach on the part of the state legislature followed by respectful further submission to state has defended its legislation on account and only individual members are there. In fact, Milan by reading the order of letter of director of suger, two letters of director of suger, he does admit that there are primary societies who are members and melotte concept of federal society, I need to explain to have arches in particular appointment, concept of adult society was there even prior to 1981. So, if the state legislature was intended that in suger cooperative societies prior to 1981, there are individual members, and it is not Atlas society, we did not bring into specified cooperative societies. The states may not be like Milan in de PUE Effie devotee is one that is super cooperative societies that are individual members, unlike other specified cooperative societies, which is not the effect situation followed in other specified cooperative societies also, there are individual members and there are society members. So also in this case, but I assume being for the time being, that what is stated by state is correct. Any 1981 also there were individual members in Super cooperative societies, a lot state in spite of that thought it appropriate to bring those compositions of suger cooperative societies where individual members were dead in the list and in the basket of suger co specified cooperative societies. So what was the position prior to 1989 still remain in the same remained in 2019. A lot enter the FA debates a lot is based only on this ground, that there are individual members. So such was the position in 1981. Even then the state 42 appropriate to bring it into the list of specified cooperative societies. terraform Allah, this classification is arbitrary capricious, it is with ulterior motive and only to a certain person's a lot, there has to be a new way it is given to the legislation undoubted Allah there is a power power is coupled with the duty model. legislative power is there that does not mean a lot that the legislature invalid or the state machinery Milan may help the legislature to enact or emulate the law in the manner in which it suits melotte certain groups of persons. This is a classic case Milan, of state having not brought a Polaroid I have stated in my petitions that the director of suger has not brought all the facts. As a officer he was required to bring to the notice of the state government and ad x. But he the Lord project did what was the later executive award on the same line he has projected his letter to the state government, state government melotte in the same manner protected before cabinet a lot this is a lot a great injustice to the cabinet and the members of the legislature by the officers who have not brought entire comprehension to the knowledge a lot they could have, they would have pointed out that none of their societies there is any resolution of the primary members, primary members are not consulted, they are the real stakeholders. Nothing of that sort has happened. And such a important decision affecting the entire process of elections and the entire edifice of the functioning of super cooperative societies is determined in the manner in which my lords MC like this would completely crumble the entire set up Milan. Milan, a friend Mr. Taco has cited judgments a lot I have referred to Milan Rajendra Shas case then for cooperative principles, we pull charges, judgment Milan is referred a lot that cooperative principles requires a democratic functioning and democratic functioning recognize free and fair elections, not only elections for name sake or on paper and Milan, there is a mandate to the state under Article 37 to follow Directive Principles of state policy under Article 43. So, here is the state Milan who does a Converse thing well, then what is stated in Article 43 of the Constitution of India alone It is this amendment a lot bit the Lord's web is to point out that what is the right of individual In fact, we are the voters We are the foundation we grow sugarcane if we are not growing or we stop growing sugar and shall we only sugar factory small or not a single sugarcane It is our hard work Milan which brings this sugar can produce and that is how a lot this sugar cooperative societies and factories are working and without a lot any procedure whatsoever such decisions are taken a lot I follow those segments of my learned friend a lot and a lot just one point a lot that for the current year, having regard to the importance of Co Op sugar factories, state has located 19 corrodes under different scheme to the state to sugar cooperative societies such as the importance and learn it council My friend has pointed out that post control orders are replaced under essential commodities because they were issued under essential commodities, they do not survive. So, improper and irrelevant considerations a lot have gone into the minds of the author ready to present the vein for the purpose of passing and Malati in Maharashtra and in Uttar Pradesh, which is not disputed. There is a separate state election machinery for civil cooperatives elections. I have stated in my petitions for the sake of time and brevity I do not read posts ever, but it is edited by the state government in affidavits that in Maharashtra and in Uttar Pradesh, there is a separate machinery Election Commission for machinery is created. Please please I have stated permission yes yes I am Yes my lord. I could not get Uttar Pradesh Lama but my respect I went next. Hello, these are my submissions for a lot before Mr. Joshi begins. I just want to say one thing. The fact is that we are not able to find the real reason itself makes it clearly arbitrary. My friend is to wait will not deny complete Yes, Yes, Mr. Joshi. Did I start now as you wish If you wish you can complete today it's okay otherwise we start tomorrow at 11 not tomorrow at 11 it won't be completed. I'll start tomorrow, Dylan. Very well. And thereafter Mr. Trivedi, you will either dance and then resell. Zubin Bertha is there and Mr. Soros Parker is there. And Mr. Hassan, is there. Mr. Wagner there? No, I only one request. Yes, I have been given to understand the solder joint or filed on behalf of the State Government is not finding its place in my lords fine. 725 Louis fires directed by my lords on 23rd. Because I'm going to refer below from the Saudi joinder which is exhaustive we have put translated copies also, of all the Queen's even have them please have you find physical copies or soft copies or find physical copies much earlier? If they can be called for? I think I'll be highly obliged. Okay. This biggest one voted for 82. My last seven or not? I bought one of these agendas in 530. Yes, we'll get started from page 42. below. What do you notice? Right again? We will have it by tomorrow. One is yes. I'm grateful to the Laci solid image labeling site by Lourdes Joshi much time will you take tomorrow about particular she 45. And Mr. Trivedi, I don't know whether I'll be able to match my adversaries or not, but by at least half they were at least need continuity. I can also pass in a tomato jurisdiction to prepare your child. So now let us be very clear, tomorrow 11 D will start this matter. And my vote tomorrow will be transferred to another so that the freshman does not suffer. Otherwise, everything gets stuck over here. So if you don't like show up tomorrow, then our world will collapse. It's all dependent upon our view. Right. Isn't galoshes, great footwear options. We have heard Silly me, senior advocate. Assisted by Chinese gas. learner counsel for the petitioner in his car number 5301 of 2020. Comma Shree pika Johnny Leonard, senior advocate, assisted by Mr. Archer Gianni. Yes. Is for the petitioner in a CH six double Seven, Six of 2020. also put up tomorrow to be taken up at 11am. For the arguments of Mr. Mahesh Joshi senior advocate appearing along with Mr. Deep in this I initiate the call for nine of 2020. And further arguments of other learned councils. Can I request this? Yes. Not sure but permitted me to to not show that my reply is not as yet on the record lotrimin take it on record. It language for the Federation. My my submission would be that the reply should not be taken on record. They are they can even tell me what it is there's a challenge to the worries of a statute if somebody is going to assist the court we will take it on record. This is not an individual fight. Mr. Sato so Parker Leonard's senior advocate geger gadhvi right. Yes sir. Yes, sir. Here appears for the state federation of cooperative sugar factories limited for so the affidavit in reply in the three petitions filed by the Federation are placed on record. That's not as new I have to file it in registry the originals. You want to file it you file it in the race you no problem. And if lordship may just observed it because we have a name is not indicated. Therefore please Here's the name of Mr. geger, GUI, advocate for the Federation that we showed from the side of the respondents in all three matters. Except 83712 are bucketing matters f 53016776 and triple four nine, ignore Mr. g. We'll get to that. Let's today's segment is where you will, you will send it straight to the court master originals please ballots. I'll do that. Yes, placements register accepted. You can have it delivered or you can have it delivered at my residence please monitor and do that. Oh yes please please. Note you may say the registry may accept it that is please please please wait Why are you getting confused? Why? Why are you obsessed with the registry The court is passing an order over to the registry and supply to the customers I'm sorry. Please. We are accepting it. We are passing order you find it here unfinished place and supplies presents someone with the copies and see to it that it is delivered to Mr. gadhvi at the residence of my Lord. Today before 630 please minutes am sending instant liveness please. Thank you. It will tell me maybe we're also leaving here is not taking item 

