ever said Japan Korea your mic is muted please unmute your mic. Now why don't do this my Lordships I use? not watching. This might watch it. No unmuted. chips or chips. This is a similar applications. But why don't you enter through your correct name? Why what is chitons? iPhone? Why not chicken Korea? The logic you have logged in by Jason's iPhone. Yeah, yeah, it's automatically got by the take the nothing. I will. Yeah, I will. Yeah, I will correct it my work correct? Yes. But if you're not sure this is a civil application file for the combination of delay for 207 days happened and you're not sure what is there onwards? you launch the order was passed and out 22nd July 2019. And the certified copies were received on 30th July 2017 or 19. You're not sure this is the matter pertaining to the electricity connection? Yes. So after passing of the order, I was immediately required for electricity connection at my premises. So firstly, I approached to the local because it was urgent. So they didn't agree for some sort of undertaking. So firstly, I applied for the electricity connection in the August itself by paying the entire amount which as to me is a disputed because in 2005 consumer forum directed the respondent number one back order dated 2029 10 2005. That is proper officer. Mr. Korea? Yes, yes. My motion is your clients seeking new connection fresh connection? Or is she seeking and requesting the company to shift that original meter your loss of the premises were demolished? Earlier connection was to permanently disconnect completed. So it was new connection you're not sure? Because as per the the Gujarat electricity regulations were the government Mr Correa yes my Lordships? Where is the order of the consumers forum? It is on record. Is it on record? Yeah, it's the melacha when the LP record as well as in the as I see, it is not a page page, not shareable page number. It starts from page number 9090. Yeah. Now what is exactly the direction issued by the forum? A lot cheaper. It's at page number 97. Wait a minute. For any phoria unshocked Bonjour Koroma, which is the complaint of the complainant is partly right. Yes, my lordship hakea sama, Ronnie Oh adesh Koroma, which is the other side is hereby directed. Bill suspended in connection with the disputed bill. Chief electrical inspector net harana paragraph chose. The chief electrical inspector has to comply with paragraph 40 of the resolution. Namely labor market electricity acne column chobits Chuck reefer curva. No hukum kawamata, right. Yes, my lordship, what happened thereafter? This has not never been happened, my lordship then you should have got this order executed. Or you should rather hide your logic further. If it was directed to them, the electricity will not be connected disconnected. So they never disconnected nor demanded this amount. Now what do you say what do you have to say about section 42? Five and six. This is the architect carbofuran. This is not even relevant to you Why are they not giving you the connection? Because the earlier bills out to be recovered from our cargo is yet to be paid. And you are the wife of one of the partners of that normal life normal action? I'm not the wife of one of the partner. Your daughter in law? Yes, my lordship. Yes, my father in law was the partner and cargo transport. But in 2005, there are some directions were given. Now if you purchase a property, yes, state liability on it, then that liability also falls on you. Yes, not mine. Otherwise, you keep running here and there. No my lawsuit but there were some directions they never complied even I continuously follow what directions consumer forums forget the consumer cargoes case not the present ladies case that was added the cargoes matter 2005 motor we are not going to comply that order hearing is my last trip but this was the reason they were not supplying the electricity for the consumer in order to be complied with. But they never did. They never demanded this amount. Anyway, do you want to pay that amount and get a connection? You can get it otherwise no. Under protest is about my logic. In August, I have paid this amount under protest. When did you print it out? In August after this the high court order I have paid under protest this amount in the August 2019 itself for getting the electricity connection. So why are we fighting? Well we're in because as well My submission, I'm not bound to pay this amount because there was some directions they never followed, nor they challenge that. Please understand something. The only reason why they were not allowing you the connection was that there was an outstanding amount against the earlier connection. Yes, my lordship correct. So there was no PD, the no 3d would have taken place without the area's being paid, it must have been a temporary discussion. Firstly, number one. Now, that amount of three lakhs and art was to be paid, and you would have bought a new version on the same premises maybe whatever, or the same land. Now, you say that you have paid that amount? Yes, under protest, this has been paid whatever interpretation. So without protest, you are entitled to a connection now. I've got my connection in the after paying this amount in November 2019. Then why are you here before us because the orders because the findings has been there there has been artificial change for not paying this amount. Your Lordship because I was regularly following this is an This was give me the outcome. They even said that we have challenged This is my logic. I was not a consumer at the time. Sorry, my lordship. I know you wanted order from us. Logic, the findings of the learned judge? I just want to because my not all right. What we will be creating what we'll say is any finding on a jet, single jet will not come in the way of your disposal of your application before the Ombudsman. Is that okay? But my lordship I was not a consumer at the relevant time when I was applying for the Yes, my logic but at ombudsman, if I'm a consumer I can go there. But as per the law, I was not a consumer at the relevant time when I was applying, you are a consumer today you have applied for connection. And only attraction is not being given because there is an outstanding on that landlord, your logic when I applied. When I applied for the connection at that time, I was not a consumer. Because at that time there were no connection in the electricity premises logic. There's anybody who applies becomes a consumer. No logic, no as per the electricity act, Secretary, but you can have a grievance raised that you are not being brought in connection. But can you become a consumer today? No, but at the relevant time, I was not a consumer when the order was paused. My submission is that Thank you, Lydia. We are virtually Japan, Korea, counsel for the appellant delay condone. Also, single jet, after considering the material on record, dismiss the special civil application filed by the appellant on the ground of alternative remedy. leaving it open to the petitioner recommendation to approach the forum and the Ombudsman. Under Section 42, five and 42 six, record when I go for five or six second break off the electricity The only grievance they will not find any infirmity in the order passed by that I'm single, relegating the petitioner to the alternative remedy available to him under the statute. Also, the only observation we wish to make is that any of the any findings or observations made by the learned single judge on the merits of the matter may not come in the way of the forum or the Ombudsman in deciding the representation or the application as the case may be filed by the appellant before it. With the appointment of division, the appeal center dismissed blows my logic SSR decoder challenge here I already have in my notes? Yes, Mr. Chairman, you can leave? Yes. But a lot of my notes here, my Lord, I'm against the order of the learned single judge, wherein, my lords my writ petition has been dismissed on the sole grounds that I was late in filing the writ petition. My Lord, it is a letter of law that it is discretionary for the rich court to deal with. limitation, however, limitation does not per se apply to the Redcoats right. There are two judgments by law relied upon one relied upon by the state. And another My Lords relied upon by the single judge in the impeached order. Might not the judgment relied upon both of these judgments are of service matters and my not my matter before the single judge was off? land revenue, my loads, a breach of conditions. So my knots when it comes to service matters, third party rights do get involved. And that is why am I not I think that would be a different kind of comparison. Why I didn't land better third party guys don't get me not here, till 2013 a 2018. When I filed the writ petition, my lords, third party rights had not come in place, and my notes since 1950 5am, in possession of the land, and my lords, the first judgment of which has been relied upon by this petition. My Lord, why do you have to file a petition? my notes because I was found to be in breach of conditions by the deputy collector. Thereafter, the order was confirmed by the collector and thereafter My Lord, the special Secretary with without giving up new opportunity to be heard by loads, just in the first returnable date, my lords dismissed my revision application. Now that was dismissed In which year 2003 my loads, then when did you lose the high court? Oh, I approved in 2018. My notes 15 years later, my books. Now you are aware of the 2003 order. My notes of I might my my case here is that I am an illiterate and educationally backward person. So my Lord, it was very difficult for me to comprehend. And my notes the recent judgment of the Supreme Court, my lords, it is arising from a land acquisition matter miners were enough 40 years of delay has been gone. And miners, even in if I may point out to the judgment relied upon by the state before the learned single judge my lords. This in this particular metal miners, the apex court and remanded back the mitre to the High Court so that won't come in my way. The other judgment which is again of service metal miners, which is of Jammu and Kashmir, my lords, this this judgment milords is state of Jammu and Kashmir versus rk s l Puri, in this matter, as well, my lords, the Honorable Supreme Court has been conscious about the fact that there could be no straight jacket formula to apply delay and latches, in case of repetitions. And if there is something that would shake the judicial confines of the court, it can very well be invoked law you have to show us how do you shake our conscience? Please, please, my lords May, what are the what are the breach unless I guess you're aware of the conditions? manners, the breach against me was conditioned number two, whatever it is that that is that I have transferred the land without your permission. My Lord, what do you say to that? Yes, yes, precisely. My notes. I would submit this wise that it is a letter of law that transfer and partition are two separate things. A partition cannot be construed as transferred. Here my lords on demand So my father revenue entry was mutated. The name of the legal as including us were entered, the entry came to be certified. Thereafter My Lords that came to be a partition between three legal heirs, the entry came to be mutated the entry game to be certified after 10 years of the certification of the entry might not the entry still remains certified breach of condition order is supermoto taken up under Section 79 A and the land is were featured in the government name considering that my partition was transferred with this partition include any outsider other than the normal normal it's just the legal as my Lord This is some of the legal heirs give up their right yes my notes but that is that is nowhere contended by any parties. And by the way, this entry still censored certified after 10 years, minors after 41 years of grant of land and after 10 years of the certification of minors please I'm sorry there is delay you have a nice many days delay me Even my nose No, not before the division bench no my notes not before you're not sure why hurts me on court wall General Counsel for the appellant admission notice in further orders, this court party shall maintain status quo with regard to position over the land in question mostly applies my notes I may be permitted to leave my logs Yes, please. Alright. This serial number for the Lanett government reader merrowed will be appearing over there in the waiting room. Please just tell me Let him he's appearing for the other side. Yeah, Michelle de la bella, Mr. Patel me. He said Guess what, that is the very issue does not require to be it is not required to be argued in my submission. The same order has to follow. Whereas Mr. weigela Mr. weigela, Salah columnists is not in the waiting room. I don't see him in the waiting room. I just call him the state is happy getting all the election results declared. Your mind is We did the we are complying with orders passed by this because the state is very comply. is compliant is compliant. Yes. It's compliance sensitive. That is why there's so many contents against the state. We are also very responsive, very responsible, but not is not responsible, only responsive, responsible and responsible. Content sometimes come due to administrative reasons we delayed filing appeals, but we are compliant. Absolutely complain. You've never given my lords reason to delay. Setting my link will be joining now. Okay, he's not showing the list. Actually, he was here. He filed caveat, but the office did not always give it to them. But I have somebody my copy. So decide what type of order has been passed and how are you aggrieved issues. What happened was these are the petitioners who were excluded from the water stays on the ground that the elections were not held just like the other Metro support a. Let's just lay it down with a Yes, yes, yes. So the code has permitted the election to be conducted. Yes, let's face for the votes are to be kept in a sealed cover, besides just reminder logics in in LPF Mr. Patel lots of step by step where you order that they may be allowed to work but no results to be declared out now you want that the votes which have been placed in the sealed covers should be counted. No know what that is? Mr. Mr. gela, would say that's what has happened. I was the objector. Pursuant to my objections, they were excluded from the voters list. They prefer this group of petitions. Challenging that, in the by the time the petitions were taken off for hearing, there was an order passed by logic in Mr. Patel's matter, entertaining their opinion directing that let me let them vote, but their votes to be kept in a separate silko are not to be counted. These are not to be declared their set of petitions in my opinion. We are Mr. Joshi I was assisting with SOC lots of surgeons that permit them to work and count their modes also. But the difference lawsuits are noted that they are they're already in the waters this there are these persons who are not there. There are no signatures for Mr. Patel's matter, saying that this is Mr. aguilas matrix identical. Mr. Aviles metal is identical. Therefore, I permit them to work not to count the result not to count their votes. Now, lots of sad day before yesterday passes order which senator senator lusciousness. That would apply in all fours to these proceedings. Also, that result may be declared voting is on second. Counting we'll be voting on second December. Yes. So you want that divorce will present currently and their vote should not be counted? Yes. And the others be counted and the results will include the same procedure logic adopted Mr. Patel's better subject to what Mr. gela say. Yes, Mr. McKenna, what do you say are my matron Mr. Patel's better? Is it different video, but I The reason being I was not included in the first voter's list, whereas in the in case of Mr. Patel's case, he was included in the first voters list and then he was deleted from the second voters this whole issue of what in your case what has happened? You are not there in the first place. You are not there in the second list, they can list the election officer has no authority to not include me personally he has to include and therefore your losses were timely see the order. He was putting that Mr. Patel's right. No, no No matter guys. He says his rule seven below. Kindly rule see rule seven. Now you say that you should be allowed to be included in the voter list voters list. Yes. Now every single that has allowed your petition Yes, not allowed. integrally philosophy in general, you will not what is the entry model? Yes, Milan may read from second paragraph on the submissions made by learner advocates 40 parties, it appears that the issue raised in this petition is considering the time period poverty number of persons readily barbarity and the voices have been presented to governments and written code subject to outcome of people in petition. But what about deflation of Brazil? That is sorry, man. They just assist in paragraph number four. In paragraph four last but fine lines, the court records and Lordships have done this, but the learner signaler does not say that these are not to be declared. Kindly See, para for if Tom about needs in entirity larocca respond by to distinguish So, in some more auspicious circum continuous voting was to take place in the immediate future next day, modus operandi may not be accepted there to this attention is drawn to the auditor Swenson was a cognate of his variant facts are identical to the present conditions therefore, this court deems fit to adopt the procedure and as per order digit Swanson lp 505 many matters of showing So, so So, we are are kept separately in a seat on results, not when not to be declared the further orders, but I'm caught today did not pass the lady order in this matter. The Quarter this was the order I want to follow this. So, no in paragraph two itself the court records that is our issue similar to as residence exemplified Yes, yes. The same to exactly. Also, yes. And why would he rely on the order passed will not in Mr. vs Forte's matter, and then similar that it stands on a separate footing. In fact, in Mr. vs. Patel, they were included then excluded in so far as Mr. McGinnis matters concern from the outset they've been excluded. And why would he rely on a matter and an order passed in a matter to them not to say that they stand on a different footing? It was contended, sorry, Miss shine Mr. This I just come to the last part of parent for at page P. That is considering considering the timeline in the facts of the present case, it is appropriate to direct that the committee members of the petitioners societies will be permitted. Now, the committee members Mr. Varga lastline the center agriculture his constituency the voters who constitute the committee members of the society's 211 voters that he would lie in an apmc under Section 11 for the agriculture in his constituency. The managing committees of primary credit dispensing agricultural societies form the electorate and become part of the waters this is meant. There How much is it is 12345678 and nine? So no charge? Or does that is it? Yes. AKA voting right? Or what Count neoga Declaration was written. To me to read this order. I want to state something. I want to explain what this sort of speaks from paragraph 2 million it is the submission submissions made by lender lender advocates for the parties it appears that issue raised in his group of petition is now under consideration. In a group of Letters Patent appeals being LPA number 685 of 2020. This is not a matter of Mr. Patel. We know that Metro is gonna be hot. Yes, yes, yes. And other cognate of the LPA Benjen is order dated 2026 ordered as having heard the learner counsel appearing for parties and having gone through the materials and therefore we are off into that there are many larger issues involved in this litigation which need to be addressed. The appeals do not deserve to be dismissed at the threshold we need to examine the following issues whether the decision rendered by this court referred to above are in conflict with each other so far as the scope and ambit of inquiry of the authorized officer under Rule seven of the rules 1965 is concerned the true purpose and meaning of the board's elected members as the finger in Section 74 one a one of the sentences, they should before LP event was pertaining to the objections raised by the appellant there into inclusion of names of respondents as voters in their capacity as members of managing committee of respondents society and such members of the managing committee were permitted to vote in the TMC lectures by way of imprimatur plus civil application was the facts in the present case are quite converse with petitioners have challenged the exclusion of the names for being in the water. For learner advocate for respondent tried to distinguish applicability of the common oral ordering he said LPs submitting in this era is special circumstances were considered as the voting was to take place in the immediate future. That is to say very next year there are four motors wrapped up by the LPA bench may not be accepted. To this attention is drawn to order dated eight 920 20 05 of anyone can wear it in the effects were identical to the present couples wedding petitions and therefore the court deems it fit to edit the procedure as per the order date at a time and pm also ensue, and cognate appeals wedding members of societies are permitted to cast their vote speaker order to be kept separately in a Silikal. Assembly agricultural constituencies are ordered not to be disconnected from them. Considering the timeline in the presence of committee members of the petitioners societies will be permitted to vote in agricultural policy council elections are in the works does cast by pitchers So scientists will be kept in separate sinkers subject. Thereafter what Mr. Wagner? Yes, yes, finally similar, terrifying now. either party is permitted to the court for further hearing pursuant to final outcome of LPL number 685. of 2020 and cognitive is already found necessary in any case of any further difficulty. There formula order is key this petition is decided the results may not be declared. That was the ordering the number of a pass by heating is and when that has been changed. That has been changed. But Milan In my case, the elections are just before just after two days. So and Milan on end, in that case, melotti elections were held very low. The the the covers were the results had not been declared for two or three years. His petition your lawsuits are forever the other appeaser coming up in the next week deciding the issue. Therefore for Indies, we don't know when those matters will be decided. In fact, my lords indicated in January, Lord pmcs, Minot cannot be without managing committee will not then my request, then my request would be is my request would be this. Your losses may kindly pass without the same order on third or fourth, not to table. Right, same order. Because we're not any order passed today. Would Milan affect the pattern of voting. Therefore on third or fourth, losses may pass after the election is over your losses, as your losses have done in case of better jpmc. After the elections are over, your losses may pass that are for the election officer needs a mandate. The election officer has a pattern in which Miller there is a procedure prescribed once votes are cast. Milhaud The votes are required to be open they are open in public domain and will not all the procedure prescribed is required to be followed below unless there is an order below directing us to open we will not be able to do anything further. And we are not what the honorable court directed so far as other AP is not done on third or fourth pillar, I am seeking only four days intelligence question is blocked four days will not make any difference to the other side. Mr. voghera your elects polling is on second of December on second of December counting is on third of December Yes. So the counting once it takes place the matter is over then nothing remains further to be decided. So what why what is the point of giving this matter on fourth or fifth? Without the water do you expect reverse after the election results are declared normal and the results may not be declared on that day on thought, this is an absurd proposition, you are canvassing this to me you listen listen, your interpretation of verify also prima facie is not correct Mr. weigela. In fact, in fact, there is some vacuum left behind by the learned single judge even while concluding para for the learned single judge should have clarified in this regard. But prima facie it appears that learned single judge never wanted the election to be stayed, the election has to proceed, but the words cast by the committee members of these societies has to be kept in sync covers placement. So, let the election proceed counting be done. Ultimately, the final outcome will cover and the ultimate election is those what these words of these 10 societies are to be counted. recounting will take place after the matter is finally decided and according to order, that is what we are directed in Mr. Patel's case, Lord lead these words be counted but cannot be given effective. How does it make a difference? What is the purpose of counting and not giving your head to lead so that the defects will come before your last minute this court cannot be will and will not I'm shocked at the submission made by Mr. weigela the orders of this quarter Milhaud sought to be employed for the purpose of affecting voting patterns. This court is going to be guided by voting patterns Alright, leaving only one aspect one appeal by mistake has not come. There are eight of these out of 10 petitions eight appeals one appeal though final number is there LPA 863 has not come if that papers they called today there are nine matters at the Smith a RT rPgt lp 8638 appeaser Hi, but today only seven and two have not been fine. No, no. Lots of silly passing ordering eight matters that Wait, serial number 46789 1011. To give you a word should be been decided on if counsel for the appellant comma Miss money shall have Kumar learned government assisted by message for director then it is up for the state responded. And Shri Vc weigela lead counsel appearing on kvF on behalf along with Mr. kupka arancha along with Mr. Anil, Anil Tucker, lead counsel appearing for the original petitioners original petition bracket where respondent number one one in all the appeals of the order passed by the learned single judge comma dated 2016 2020. Oh my impugn in the present the P reflects that reliance has been placed upon the orders passed in a group of Letters Patent appeals, led by LP a number 685 of 2020 poster is also not any further, the Leonard single deck has taken into consideration the orders passed in another group of appeals led by LPA number 505 of 2020. The facts of the present case, as are similar to the facts of the facts in the appeals, led by LPR number 505 of 2020, where the managing committee members of the committee of the society occidental societies have been excluded from the water list. rather not included in the water list. First off, white order dated 2511 2020 passing the group of appeals led by NPI number 505 of 2020. We had directed that the results of the agricultures constancy of the consent apmc were declared without including the count of votes of the societies, which had not been included in the voter list. What's up in this group, they are placed before us what the societies which have not been included. First, next, in the present case, the lack of single judge by the order under challenge has permitted detained societies, which were petitioners before Dylan's uncle Jeff will be permitted to vote in the agriculture constituency for the consent apmc. However, there was to be kept in a separate sealed cover. First of all, we do not find any direction while that single judge whether or not the counting is to take place or not. And secondly, whether density societies the for the lack of single judge who have been granted permission to vote for the agriculture constituency, their votes to be counted for the declaration of the result. next paragraph although Mr. adila that counsel for the respondent number one, that is the petitioners original petitioners has sought to argue that facts of the present case are different from the facts of in the group of appeals led by LPL number 505, or 2020. But we do not find much substance in this exhibition. As the end result is that in both the set of cases, the societies before this court were excluded from the voter list. And we're seeking inclusion and permission to be part of the voter list and cast their votes. Next, we accordingly direct this group of seven things to be listed to be connected with the group of LPs number 505 of 2020. And the second group of LPs led by LPs number six a five of 2020. And to be listed together considering the internal models that we passed in the previous groups from the direct that the that the voting to take place on the show today, that is second December 2020. And the counting and the votes of the 10. petitioner societies to be kept separately in a sealed cover. Whereas the other voters who cast their votes to be kept in separate And we'll look and thereafter counting to take place excluding the 10th. petitioner societies, the votes cast by 10. But however, it is made clear that subject to icon of the puppet that is also declared would be adequately altered if necessary. rejigger notice we should have both the respondents are already represented as the other ad called the A at this age 63. That appeal does not come, although I agree it all right. Once it comes quite good, I think I'll take directory so that I can sell it to the election officers and directors in the state is there the state will inform the election officer Why should we worry about is I'm a licensed legal assistant. Yes. Please make it. Next is Mr. f. k. kazi you are served with a coffee master the way no matter what we do. We have been over you will appear for the commissioner also. Mr. Anthony. I'm sorry, minute. Will you be appearing for the commissioner also vadodara Municipal Commissioner no minutes, no minutes. And this application was rejected in luminate. without notice to the other side. Met from the judgment village, it appears that we were on the Advanced copy. And since it claimed easement that he writes me, let's be honest, a single judge on the ground that it involves disputed question of access, who has introduced this concept of easement Terry. Right. Was it argued by Mr. kazi It was his it was just it was the case. It was the case for the petitioner is it road earmarked under the town planning scheme. But it was his claim that mills and internal road Mills was the shot point is forget about his mentary rights, Lordships is mentally rights cannot be educated educated in a written application. Yes, primer facie fears that there is a road cleared under the town planning scheme number nine, yes, it is a road under a town planning scheme. Yes, military can one section of the society create obstruction so as to prevent one another set of society members to use that town planning road casement by default, because has the commissioner applied his mind on this issue and has tried to resolve this controversy? Because it appears that one set of members who are addressing the grievance are of the minority community and the people who have created obstruction or of another community this this may lead to some different kinds of problems. Yes, what is it? Yes was lots of issues he sorted that there is a TP load of time with the Lordship, which leads to our society. dedrone came to be blocked by the another 30% of this analytical complex logic. Due to a defect we also made a representation before the police was also Why so many why this obstruction is created, why it has been closed? There is no reason to defer. There is no reason even deadly road at least to to society, one society belongs to one, this road one our society and another all sorts of things. PAGE 35 This is the Mayflower ship. So marble and Sandy these are the two societies. So, so the sunnydaze concern did you approach the municipal commissioner has mostly been represented today people made because he didn't know what happened to that representation, no reply lotion page. So, why did you not seek a direction to the municipal commission to decide your representation rather than you insisted more opening of the roll longer the positive we shall be issued to the news because you never made simple or complex a party your dispute is somewhat complex distributed somewhat complex, but the energy represented you also made to the moon simply because whichever combination he was that he could have claimed was only that your representation will be decided which is pending before the commission whether this is a under load under the Town Planning Act or scheme or not. If it is not a town groups road under the accounting scheme, probably there is a lawsuit because I'll say what a man is a defect. That is your case, the commissioner will have to decide that commissioners should decide lordship that is to Lucy But till today, there is no reply from the commissioner lotion. He went the community I'm sorry to decide your rehabilitation. But if you ask for direction from the court matters to open the door. He will last you kindly, kindly this mandamus cannot be issued to summer can cooperative housing society mandamus can be issued to a public authority who is otherwise duty bound to do something and in that effect is our party is also to be affected will be affected the Municipal Corporation will implement it which 57 September 22. My prayer is specifically with regard to the direction to the disciplined authority that they will take the proper action and to open the robot if there is a if there is an encroachment on a public road, because it would be the domain of the local authority and in this case, military what are the municipal commissioners to clear such encroachments to the public road that is why they are not doing leadership that is a difficulty. Therefore I addressed this representation. At the most we can ask the commissioner Yes. Yes, ma'am should redress his grievance as such moves, at least it will address his grievance. Login. We have heard Zika moving causing a lot of calls before we actually came on Danny Leonard AGP for the state spawning number one. install these special civil application filed by the appellant being a CA number 13135 of 2020 was dismissed by the single judge. Why judgment in order dated 26 October 2020. On the ground that the petitioner has adequate remedy of approaching the civil court for a result of his grievances there simply also observe that the extraordinary jurisdiction under Article 226 of the Constitution was not the appropriate remedy for the petitioner first up before us, then counsel for the appellant, I've made an awkward spread. That detailed representation was made to the municipal Commissioner. But what Audra Municipal Corporation, dated 179, one dated 79 2020 an extra the extra e to the petition. I'm sorry. Firstly, the first page was made on 25th of August 2013. On page 5353, page 43 is the first of August 25 2020, an extra D and a second representation dated September 9 1717. And also, both these representations highlight the grievance of the petitioner discipline. But as no responsible to see from the municipal Commission, the writ petition was filed. See, body submitted that appropriate directions where the issue to the Minister Commissioner take an appropriate position on this particular position. The where it is also the case of the applicant that public road sanction under the compelling scheme is being obstructed by third parties. And therefore, appropriate action could be taken by the Municipal Corporation. Considering this work, we dispose of the street. The direction to the municipal Commissioner or totara misspell Corporation take appropriate position on different interpretations of the uplift referred to above strictly in accordance law. After affording the opportunity of hearing to the parties concerned, within a period of two months from the date of production of certified copy of this order, we make it clear that any of the revisions made on either in this order or by Gillette single jet will not come in the way of the commission to make an appropriate decision. Yes. Mr. Deepak Davi Yes, we have a mic unmute Korea. Please unmute your mic most of the way. So there were a few. Yes, yes. There's two lectures Where could not be pleased because of inadvertent error on our part, which I have not signed two days back. If this can be kept on Wednesday or Thursday, by that time it will be placed before the volleyball court so that you will not on the request made by zookeeper. The Wisdom Council for the list this matter again on seventh December 2020. To enable them to file the necessary documents in the meantime, I already find Hmm, so obviously, this goes live, please. We didn't study discipline Mr. Boucher. Give you it's a combination of what do matters and look at Pandora number. 13 and 15. one to nine days zero to nine is a double and a double one week. Abs don't Morning, Modine this plan number judgment Sunday Justice Mission says describe mission mission both are not there got to find out that they're coming or they're not coming yes these are good your white mike mike and your career Mike I'm sorry. Lordships two matters not one accident number 13 and second number 15. Yeah, there was another also fresh matter yesterday melodic serial number six, which could not be taken up. I will not, you know, file file petitions will not the impugn order is common. Yes. The sixth is in the pipeline invalid, may I request to keep it after two weeks because in one matter, the office objection is to be removed, that is a lead matter and there I'll be reviewing it by today below. Okay. So, other numbers I can give to the code master a lot later on. So that all the five matters may be listed together below 111 234-567-8910 matters up there. But if I only have 6,000,005 five already file is in the pipeline below. And unfortunately, there is some difficulty at my place to my family members without COVID positive below. So lots of today it is number 13 and 15. That way no other. Other than that, I'll give you the code master will load all my numbers. So that we will have it on seven not may requester. to three days more time. All right. No problem. We will have it on 14. Logic public. Mr. Big super counsel for the appellant submits that Apart from these two matters, there are four other matters. The details of this are as follows is that all these six matters may be listed together after 10 days so that opposite direction there's been moved of innovations have been in the making. We accordingly correct all the six factors, as mentioned above, to be listed on 14th of December 2025. I already filed one it is about to be filing, if I don't use public Wi Fi. Yes. All right. Number 14, Mr. Easy supply long name. You are unsure and the name reflected is Russia mancia. As some My name is. Jessica. unmute your mic. Please. Yes, yes. Appeal against the order whereby my application for employment was rejected do I am affected by directly by it was rejected. Anyone is any party or a proper party, I'll be able to do that I will be a necessary party reason being that unauthorized construction is made in the residential premises in a cooperative society. I made an application that unauthorized uses going on before the corporation Corporation initiated the action that actually surgeon before learned single, making allegations against me. I prefer an application of drawing attention of the lead singer that unnecessary because allegations are made and the action is initiated at my instance. That came to be rejected. Right. You are only a complainant. Why should you be treated as a buddy? I'll be affected because I'm deciding they're just about the basis. file a civil suit for your rights. Now. This is again, yeah, once you have learned advocacy can advocate for the appellant. Well, he submits my way. Number 14 a division actually has no merits or made this point there is a directly covered the main decision of this honorable court. A lot of Supreme Court decisions against you. Mine just remember that when I have not be a party to any proceedings, your job is only to inform the authorities. That's all. Mr. Murray, they radically affect me, I began to consider are you keep your energy for some other good matter? I understand why but when kindly kindly consider this. The person who is who is affected by reciting their unauthorized construction. In a cooperative society, my residential premises hotel is going on and the oceans is created for the residents. I might be properly briefed the Municipal Corporation to take appropriate action Hmm. But they initiated the action which is under challenge therefore I'm before the honorable Porter a contested seriously, the State Council decision of the Council, a decision of cooperation is under challenge very well. But there are not only is any party, the matter and I'll be affected by it when the court says in Kettler decisions that the affected party is also required to be heard. And therefore my request is that they will notice that I let I come with the decision by the affected parties required to be heard and that is what I would request into polysix. You would request the courtroom here you will not become a party. And you can be heard go there. But they only assisting the court. That's all don't become a party. You assist the court that you can always do That that permission will be resolved in my request is rejected. The application was an application just say that I am assisting Your Lordship. I was a complaint that I'm here Yes, that Liberty may be reserved lives mastering mechanics and that's an application projector once again, if I prefer the application, I would again, be thrown out. Therefore, if a Liberty reserved I'll be able to assist the court I first married to assist my family consider that the court will make a request there only. But my application for improvement is rejected. I have one from the Hon. What would be their prefer an application? So the way informed the honorable court permitting me to assist the foreign application process there we went, the appeal is filed, you can assist us we will help you with it. I am not I am not permitted there to be employed by an artist and may be permitted to assess their level. If that line would suffice. Mr. Davi this dispute is amongst the members of the society, residential society, right, liberals? Who are the petitioners who have come before the High Court again, persons who are not for now therefore, where have you disappeared? Is it therefore the society, please, as a body constituted under the cooperative societies act must be a respondent. Please, I'm not doing that. Just a minute just giving you a hint. This society through its Secretary must be one of the respondents, is it true or not? And now, for it is the Society of which you are one of the members who is going to tell the court that the action initiated is in accordance with law. Therefore, there is someone to represent on behalf of the Society for your presence, as such is not necessary. You are neither unnecessary party nor a proper part because that Secretary of the society is going to appear in that litigation. And we are sure he is going to support you at the district court my friend DC see the causative verbs, this society is also not joined to the point then the society should prefer an apple news. I want to come to us again, society is not a response with permission merely words. Yes, here are the three methods mirror. Yes. The earlier one LP was dismissed manner. So appellant manner detonate atrocity under the Supreme Court manner under identical mechanism. Originally there were five petitioners in 2018, they have approached this honorable court for the release of equal pay for equal work. Now during pendency of those matters might not they were not allowed to do the duties. application before the wonderful finger just under my fingers is relegated us to tribunals with direction to the university that I may be permitted to work. So whether instead of that order, they are not permitted to allow us to do the duties matters. Then we find the content. Unfortunately, your content was also not entertained and LPs were filed both the parties University as witnesses As always evidence to find the MPs against the decision of honorable fingers that we may not be relegated ultimately, my Lord, we oppose the tribunals. tribunals. Again manual rejected my application on technical grounds that before approving the tribunal, I should have filed representation before the authority under Section 11 of education. Not before the singles there were four matters total there were five meters one is already dismissed when one of my mp3 three seven of 20 right and out of these four matters today, your file three appeals today, some are three are listed one is that one is getting pipeline management objection or what it will do. Alright. So what do you want to it, this can be kept pending subject to whatever honorable Supreme Court takes the decision in that matter will follow in all these matters matters. Or we may possess a model and you can go into the Supreme Court. Pending this can be made or deferred for just four weeks or something because first day notice written up in the Supreme Court is the first of December. So let's go get we'll have these matters in February till then we may take a decision that either either way is lucky on the request made by Shri Anil Vogel and cons of what we have learned. Let these three matters to be listed in February 2021 to enable him placed before the court, the outcome of the special before appeal seven numbers 10308 of 2020. Madison, yes. The orders. Yes, Mr. Miller? Yay. Yes. This petition has been filed will not challenging the petitioner was appointed on the postop range punished officer after it after a period of 27 years will not be promoted. Wait. You are challenging the constitutional validity of a notification. Please, Murat roots will not pay. There are rules also, to see me same prayer set the notification by holding and declaring that this was also a notification or that the rules were What is wrong with the rules. But once you make it see you're here substantive post is the rain forest officer. We're not the range forest or the post of rain forest officer was initially it was class three is what it was classified as a class three post in 2004. Without paying pay 37 make it DC D resort motion was passed, whereby the post of rain forest officer was classified as Class two. Now, the most after a period of 27 years, the promotion has been granted on the post of assistant conservator of forest. Now then forest officer, as well as the boost of oxygen conservation of forests. Both the posts are classified as Class two, we are in 2010. The advertisement has been issued for the recruitment to the post of without acetone conservator of forest, and then got a police officer. The common advertisement was issue for filling up the post with the post Milan qualification is same below. pay scale is also same, we don't add any extra the the advertisement also pays 52. Now, recruitment has been made in 2016. Now difficulty on our part is mirrored we have been promoted on the post of assistant conservator of forest in 2017. And the recruitment has been made on the post of their police officer and assistant conservator of forest Milan in the year 2016. And they are considering me as they are considering them as a senior. Now Laci McCann is here on completion of eight years, they would get the promotion will not only post of deputy conservator of forest, but so far is not my passage of time in this in this video, he would return from service and he would not get the promotion of the next hire get promoted post mirrored deputy conservator of forests that is the difficulty if the if the experience of 27 years on the post of rain forest officer be considered then I don't have difficulty not the presentation was made and it has been rejected all by the state government department you are Mr. chalets to come by cotidiana please not. So, therefore, this notification at page 99 mirrored in manuscript to submission discriminator India at the Army during because therefore, you are challenging it on the ground of being violative of Article 14 of the Constitution please please model because so far as there cannot be below different directory groobie is concerned and not the promoter is concerned. Because nasima Can you see, you know, if I'm working in the substantive flosports where I work for 27 years and in the next forest officer and assistant conservator of forests, both are classified as Class two and merely because they are classified as Class two doesn't mean that they are in the same equal the same let us see where are we not PayScale see and only get a different grade base different grade pain, different qualification everything you say. Maybe everything you say, Milan Let the government reconsider. Now, Mr. Robot, they give us some dates. Please. You are selected as range officer class three. Then Then current officer class three Indian 1981. The appointment order also my promotion gwagwalada 2018 2017 as the assistant conservator of forest, they ended up 27 years. Right after promotion assistant conservator of forest plus two, please 2017 mayowa Java 70. May I have entered the order? I was offered an omega d. mania, I'm in service, good service heavy. A B those are those that have no vision. But is a must. if if if my knee earlier service service rendered on the post of the rays what is talking to me consider for the Broncos next promotion. When you post of deputy conservator of forest then it will be mirrored eligible for the for the promotion poses weekend. And post of deputy conservator class one minute you want a promotion as deputy for a conservator of forest. That is something different but why are you challenging this rule? The rules will not is discriminatory on the ground. Once on the ground, Laci mechanically on the ground that worked so far as digress dignity is concerned the Lord sees without both the the qualification is same. PayScale is same, not the eligibility criteria is same a lot. And the persons those who are higher meritorious superior direct impurity is concerned a lot. Then they are being appointed as assistant conservator of forest and then the range forest officer will not so far as the their promote the superest promotion is concerned will not be eligible criteria for the promotion to the deputy conservator of forests. Task one from the post of acetone candidate. The eight year Ed's be the IRB not being promoted by the department when he despite the fact that I was deposed was vacated. That's why I'm in the management to me Andy, please. This is what we have understood. It took a couple of years for your client to seek promotion to the post of assistant conservator of forest class to correctly the reclaiming his initial appointment was as a range forest officer, that's three plus three flavor. Today, you are a class two officer and holding the post of assistant conservator of forest class to now, for promotion to the post of deputy conservator of forests class one place, which you are otherwise also entitled to seek that promotion, if if, if the length of service permits you subject to other eligibility criteria, what perhaps, perhaps, what is hurting you is that they have imposed a condition that such person should have worked for not less than eight years in the system now can always be prescribed a lot in my respectful submission, mirrored the service rendered because logic meganisi in 2004, the resolution has been passed by the state government and range opponent post of rain forest officer has been classified as Class to Milan you have a different problem sir buddy, I wanted some promotions which have not been given you in time. Don't have either give me the day promotion or not, there is no ground to challenge the rules that say that ACF of eight class to eight years will be promoted to deputy conservator of forest class one that is here in Nigeria is the understanding you are challenging the rules, you have a different videos altogether that you may not have been granted promotion when it was you It took a longer video version of these rules would come in handy on the grounds and these rules only provide a minimum period they do not ensure that operate is somebody will be recorded. And it is also proved Merritt and effiency not just seniority, when we're not watching McCandless, he will order the program even if you have married you will not qualify because we have just put in two years of service as an assistant for forest and the route is you should have worked for not less than eight years. Now your argument. Sir, I should have been promoted long time back. And if I would have been promoted conservative, I know I could have taken the benefit of this particular notification. So it's not discriminatory in any manner. There is no discrimination. So I will drag it over you pass in order. There's nothing in your case but a lot human kindness you are watching me during the registry to list before limiting me and then not at least will not be deemed dead dead dead but may be taken into consideration. You give up the challenge to the virus. If you're giving up challenge to the virus will say that the use of Cordova after arguing to someone states that he has instructions to not press relief as contained in paragraph 32 capital B and the same may be permitted to be deleted for So once this religious deleted this petition would be cognizable by Leonard single judge as the challenge to the worries of the recruitment rules would no longer be part of the relief request is accepted let para 32 capital B of the petition be deleted may be considered as deleted. Let this matter be listened to for the single day. And the next week. Please do you always come up with something mysterious? earlier also I was going to add some butter regarding judges rules. No rules. No no, no, no. All right. Thank you, please. Would Malik permit me to leave? Yes sir Yes, we have to unmute unmute yourself I'm sorry your logic logic yesterday there were three identical matters of the same petitioner at serial number 1617. And at same issue all four of them could be taken up on any particular day together always calculus vicentino matters yes your logic yesterday was 26 you cannot file you cannot refile it under the correct head they don't permit you at the portal do not permit it your way random you will find referred to as on a state will be the probably the up again all four batters together on seven December please play along with us here number nine on line 28 all ideological football they are all that said yesterday are coming up online all ideologic all of them will be taking place online deeply obliged Thank you Yes Yes, Mr. Davi up here was here a minute video. lesson is on good size appearing in these matters. So losses would be kind enough to call him because he's waiting in the waiting room? Very well. You will call him Mr. unconcerned. A page number 133 is the order of this honorable court for this very petitioner your order but the same cost? Because when we file these returns on page number 133 when the investigation was going on, your officer protected me page 133 Please accept this fresh matter so much. I'm installed advance copies by Mr. Davi is connected metal I was appearing, but this is press matters. connected. It's the same cause of x minus 23 is essentially a 7.29 battle scene petitioner. We have challenging notification under which they are demanding service techs and my lord the investigation your sins have protected me eight number 134 now matter they can be International, which is the earlier order of stay Yes, that is page number 131. The first order page 131 first order 131. Yes Where is the notification which you are challenging? Number 121 and you are challenging class 12 well emails one to one okay. Number 121 12 a a to the government diba after abmc the condition comes I am aggrieved by this condition civil structures under contract and maintained prior to first class, yes. This is actually do a debate on it. counsel for the petitioner and Sri Lanka legal counsel appearing for the respondents into government connected Especially civil application number 7129 of 2020. You should notice returnable within six weeks less than that you mentioned in the notice in view of the internal motor past in the connected matter referred to our it is provided that the next returnable date, the respondents are directed not to take any course of steps with regard to recovery or not the law says that the law with regard to the activities of the so called notice now just a minute just a minute recovery issue will not arise because the proceedings are still pending. Now, he has now as the most we may say, no final order be passed pursuant to the show cause notice, even for the litigation, I have an issue, but kindly see this local authority issued by a commissioner I am the SEC nemcova commission commissionerate investigation is conducted in M Gabbar nama de by Parisian DME trade number 166 transferred the adjudication to Mumbai for carrying out last forever in many of these motor parts in the connected matter referred to above and further in view of the fact that in the present case, aggregation has still not been made. And no recovery or arises at this stage, comma, we only provide that the adjudication proceedings will go on, in which the petitioner shall fully cooperate. Our final orders, even if passed may not be given. Kindly, can you hear me for no more? No, not here. I offer the adjudication I have a problem my rules, because they are now transferred the adjudication, remember back to movie and that authority has no jurisdiction to decide my case. But kindness he paid number 166. And we are asked not to implement that order. Even if he passes an order. We will cause an order. I don't want to go to Mumbai my route because they add that time to hear me out on this first time easy. But then, does that make one submission? By the way, you can raise this objection before the authority also I shall not absorb that I must cooperated in that sentence. Maybe my lord is not. The petitioner would be free to raise any objections before the adjudicating authority, including its jurisdiction to hear the matter not let go prison pipeline that may be the remedy objection is gonna jaggery Ababa let him decide this question. Would not even hear me on the jurisdiction. Not fair to me. It's a case where the attorney has no jurisdiction very well. I take my chance next on the next location. Lots of hardship on disputed refund of over 30 crores is not being granted to me my gods and will not the in spite of my several personal visits several reminders. The only reason my lord they are given is at page 25. Not sure there is some technical error in their system because of which order is not being uploaded. So milada is not being granted refund. They themselves also agreed that it is determined. When are you entitled to this refund. I am entitled my not by virtue of order, dated 27 two 20 which is given effect to also by eight to June 2020, attend at page 14 for the assessment year of 17 8017 at Laci Leary, we are virtually on hypertension along with Mr. Bhushan Patel, lead counsel for the petitioner. By means of this petition under Article 226 of the Constitution, the petitioner is prayed for appropriate directions to the respondents to refund and amount of income tax deposit by the petitioner amounting to rupees 30 crores 29 lakhs 39,450 along with statutory interest under the admissible provisions. First off, according to counsel for the petitioner, the refunds became due upon consequence to an order dated 27th February 2020 which has been also acted upon on as of June 2020. But, despite repeated requests, the aforesaid amount has not been refunded and some lame excuse as indicated in communication detailed 20 foot 920 24 920 20 an extra d to the petition A lot has been communicated. This has compelled the petitioner to of course, this code will stop let notices be issued to the respondents fixing when the first December 2020 by the set date the respondents may file that may show cause or in the meantime, pay the entitled amount to the petitioner and file an affidavit to that effect. Much you're paying I think by then you should receive the money. I hope so my logic please leave the courtroom Yes. Show us why the amount has not been refunded so far. separation is made simple notice them in particular issue. They charged stamp duty on bills of entry of a file for the goods imported by the return. Please a lot state government authorities have given this Mr. Davi you are on advanced copy. Yes, but I've given to Mr. arason. How much time do you need for instructions. And I'll make a bid. After two weeks mal will file an appropriate replacement. You're virtually punished for the petitioner and teaching them the identity gap for the state respondents or advanced copy. teaching them the way that I made up phase one is after two weeks time to file comparative. petitioner will have three days thereafter to file a rejoinder let this matter be listed again on 21st December 2020. Please play the notes Mr. Davi Yes, man, I understand I have page 55 para 14 to be always laughing laughing, smiling, smile. Please give it a shot wherever he is there. Mr. Shah. Good. We have received the communication from Mr. Mira Shah, then counsel for the petitioner wearing his crate that the petition may be dismissed as withdrawn as this petition may be dismissed as another special civil application number one another petition has been filed in the physical form. What if this petition is dismissed as withdrawn now? Why Where is your physical petition? It was listed yesterday but it was a not reached. It was listed yesterday only what was the number of searches? I will just give to the court muster I have to check the number that was sold so according to this petitioners this was a yes. All right. Number one number I income magically. metropolis. Right You can I take lives. Yes. Shall we? Name this matter? The London government will be assisting if she may be shaping up CBS Lucha the petitioner trust is absent. Yes. The petitioner trustees running to boarding school. First, tell us why this is a Debian matter. Labs challenge the government resolution department officers placed it No I'm not sure. There is no such rule under challenge No, no. No, no I'm telling the government is a large shipment director a digital government reader you have to say something. submission is that we had moved up in my lords recollect that Oh, wait a second may not essentially relates to COVID. In one sense, the sense being that melotte this honorable court had directed the state government to consider what measures it takes Muller to elevate the miseries of parents and God guardians. Milhaud, so far as fee structure is concerned. Come up with a fee structure we had Milan a block Milad said that no increments etc. And to which Milan and we said no fees only to be charged to which the honorable court said this that at that portion of the gr melotte. We are watching and setting aside at the same time you sit with the various associations and Arrive at some amicable solution. Having considered all of it Milan today we have come up with this gr which Milan to my mind Milan is one of the most fair propositions. Milan his argument is twofold. Milan merits that according to the suit we have already been well yes Milan because we even before the learned single judge will be referring to orders passed by the school. We will take up this matter to 30 around with no difficulty please miles only Only thing is here I've challenged the GR which is not issued under any act that may not be under any act but related to COVID situation only. It is but does not appear yet. Please, there is a chance there is a judicial order that is also not why you are here you came before us now you're running away from us Why? No, I I have come before you're watching for the first time in this. While I have no difficulty The only thing is only thing is chance of LPA is taken away if I don't get a chance to represent it will take a look at the 30 to 30. Bill that is another matter of mine listed at CL number 31. It is under sales tax. right we'll take it up just a bit. Yes. We'll get into all yes was very much about me. I see your Lordships permission to join Mr. Mr. Imani GST Yes Mr. cgst rules of thought this is a matter where where are my ITC is blocked on the ground. That brought the dues of a limited company one dolphin India Limited block is outstanding for the period 2006 seven to 1314 under the RS 12 g vet act melotte. And how are you ready to dolphin out I was a director in dolphin their cases because dolphin has outstanding news under the G vet act. Therefore a we will recover that money from you as in your capacity as a director and number two, though it was under the Jeeva attack, we would initiate the recovery action under the GST act. So on both these counts, we have challenged this action not fastly not the there is under the GA tech. There is no provision of recovering the money. Mr himani Is there any order passed by respondent number two blocking your input tax credit page 12. Now, this input tax credit of yours is respect to GST, GST law, fairly similar page two. Now state tax officer responded number two is a VAT officer, but he is taking action in his capacity as a VAT officer. Now he is taking action in his capacity as a VAT officer under the provisions of bad placement. Can he block your ITC of GST as an authority under the GST code? Certainly No, he can't do it. Does he have any jurisdiction with regard to GST number two, but he can't we have pleaded that that was the second plank of the argument blot Now, where do we find that here is blocked it now page 12 kindly similar there is it is my electronic credit ledger. So what would he do he would do something with a portal or something that you see entry number seven, entry seven below the last entry 159 2020 he said it is blocked my Lord will find under the description total amount blocker there is no balance available okay. So, the amount blocked is 17 lakh 94,017 is again the problem is there are no transactions which will be permitted Henceforth, because my amount is blocked. Now, this Jiva news, please are of Steel Craft industries none of us were of dolfin matters India Limited block of dolphin methods is a private limited company. It is a public limited company closely held a public limited company when I was a director for some time. ITC has been blocked off steam craft industries where I am a proprietor of statecraft, Nippon Berger, this proprietary concern synonymous. And you have no statutory remedy against blocking of such a ITC brought I I brought up the there are two issues. One is the action is expressly illegal. I'm just asking you with it, we are not saying that we are throwing out your petition on you. Yes, under normal circumstances, I would have preferred the appeal under Section 107 of the GST act. But not there is no order also kindly appreciate Milan This is only the action which is taken we have the third blank our argument is there is no order there is no opportunity of hearing because there is no order per se This is only an action which is there which of the way on advance copy we are not being provided with the state. Now we are making inroads in GST also though and respond to it manner lender notice the issue with this you better related this university to Sharia when you get assisted by Mr. IVP. counsel for the petitioner. Let notices be issued to the respondents and advanced copying also be served on the children the veterinary GP has been working for us. She the vet open instruction provider and file counter affidavit within two weeks. Two weeks list again on 16 December please ethical obstructions permission to me all times. Come to my third video. These are the last two consignments of old and use tires. solder on page number 6262 yes the last order and now probably new matters would not come because now we are not retaining the goods to my last my lords. Only difference would be that case number 64. In paragraph five your losses are given the returnable date of 14 December but all other matters Now 118 January 18. January to the correct dates a very big group over 3035 vendors, because now, we will make this date as at January 2006. legit virtually punished availa Council for the petitioner. I was given the same article viega paragraph two onwards on page 62. Except page 64 page did change the year to 14 December could they do it at January 21? Same writer, correct Connect paragraph six merrowed connects the main matter. Yes, the next one is already there. Mr. B good. Morning. Yes. Mr. Potts. Yes, sir. Here, my goods were detained initially, and thereafter the confiscation order was passed, I had preferred petition before this honorable court, wherein the directions were issued that my application for provisional release may be considered under 67. Six, I made an application the requisite amount as provided in 67, six was paid the goods were not released, I have preferred appeal also challenging the confiscation order, wherein the provision is that if 10% amount is deposited, the further recovery is trade, but there is no there is no provision for release of goods except except 67 six. Now, the same reasons have been assigned which are there for the order of confiscation. So, this is the only provision where wherein I can get my goods back on making payment or either by giving more to them. Now, they said this is agro based commodity which they have been detaining since long, I have already made the payment as required under 67 six where is the order of 67? Six PS timely see, that order is dated 19 five, and that this honorable court would find on page 40 very same reasons have been assigned which is there for confiscation which is right. So, when you prefer an application under 67, six, yes, an order came to be passed you have to deposit this much amount, if you want professional release right. What is the amount that amount is entirely the confiscation amount the 100% that is 73 lakhs 7840 to 73 lakh 65,005 71 right? Yes. Now what happened thereafter, you must not have deposited this amount Because for the provision provision released, I am supposed to pay that tax as well as the amount of penalty. This is fine, which they are proposing to recover from me. So Puj today, the conveyance of the goods stand confiscated. Yes, sir. Already confiscated. Yes, sir, my application was prior to that date, whatever it may be. Now, the remedy is to go and appeal under 107. Yes, sir. Have you prefer any application? Yes, sir. Opinions already preferred training along with your appeal, pending the final disposal of appeal Have you prayed for provisional release of the goods and the guesser, we have deposited 10% of the amount also. But as far as 107 is concerned, there is no provision whereby they can release their goods. So the only provision which is available to me 67 six, and my application was of 27 for 2020, which they never decided and before that, they decided my application or my the proceedings under 130. So when I approach this honorable court, the order of 130 was already passed in iMovie 11. This honorable court has directed them to consider 67 six even after mo v. 11. was passed. Just a minute. Yes, sir. Confusion as a holder So, Mr. Bush, what is your What is your argument in this regard? As far as a 67 six provisional release is concerned, my application was filed on 27 for on that day there was no order of detention, there was no order of confiscation by that I have preferred petition also on the very same day before this honorable court. Now, listen to us. Yes, sir. bryman facie, we are not convinced with the argument that as you have deposited 10% of the total amount sought to be recovered under the provisions of 107. Costs six today, pending your appeal the goods and the conveyance should be released. We are not convinced, yes. But we are putting a question to you. Mr. Davi may also assist us once the order of confiscation is passed, the title or the property confiscated would best with the government. Although your appeal may be pending before the appellate authority yet, yet, the title as on date with respect to the goods and the vehicle, could be said to have stood vested with the government. Government has become the owner of the goods and the conveyance in such circumstances, even pending your appeal, how do we release the goods and the conveyance? Yes, sir. I'm not seeking relief under 107 as I have deposited 10% of the amount and the protection which I am getting, then there is no other provision. What are you seeking today? Now I am seeking release under 67. Six, I argue. That stage is over what government has done that my application therefore that order is bad. I am challenging before this honorable court that on see when 67 six application was made. At that time, there was no order of detention, there was no order of confiscation, they never decided that application. They decided they passed the confiscation order on 13, five 2020. Thereafter, they have decided this 67 six application. So this is nothing but making the provision redundant. This 67 six, they should have decided prior to the order of 134 that I'm seeking the release of the goods, what is the date of the confiscation order 13 5858 fy 2022. That is prior to the order under 167? Six. So this is nothing but making the provision redundant. There was no application pending on that date no that the application was very much pending the application was made on 27 for much prior to the order passed under 130. At this point of time is we can ask the appellate authority to consider your application for release of goods and the subject to terms and conditions which he may deem fit. That's all right, that order and not a moment. From the argument. What I believe is once an order of confiscation is passed, there is 67 things goes oh no no, we are putting a question to please man. Once an order of confiscation is passed, although appeal may be filed, please yet. Can there be any release provisional release of goods and vehicles pending the appeal? no penalty law in my respect was about once the order of confiscation is passed the property would best with laid off. There is nothing called as provisional there are today by a deeming provision if the title is vested with the gun We cannot allow him to fly these, please might not allow him to dispose of the goods also no matters. That only now therefore, placement. Therefore, in the event if he succeeds in the appeal placement, what would you know, if he succeeds in the name, and we set a situation where he succeeds in the appeal and cautious the honor of confiscation, then then the goods might be required to be returned. But if at all if he succeeds, because thereafter the equation would be that whether the order of confiscation is good or bad, I don't think these circumstances the only remedy, according to me, section 130, subsection two, it says that whenever confiscation of any goods or conveyance is authorized by the SEC, the officer adjudicate edgert adjourning, it shall give to the owner of the Buddha option to pay in lieu of confiscation such as the office or Teamspeak. That is the only option when in a given circumstance will pass appropriate orders or you. Sure. You want to make any further argument, Mr. pooch and Mr. Davi on this. We are not being served with a copy of the Punisher. But just from what I heard from the honorable court as well as we would like to decide this issue once then my not my learned when we share me share a copy with me, I'll find a short reply. So a copy of the entire paper book to Mr. Davi this issue is required to be adjudicated, Yes, please. Otherwise, it is very hard for the I understand what has happened. So let a short notice be issued minutes. The SEC is left nowhere you don't decide 676 and you pass an order of confiscation everything is becomes a virtuous and is held up. We will have we will try to read into some provision the power to even release bending the appeal, please, but then we'll have to think over how to safeguard the goods and the conveyance pending the appeal. Yes. The cape which runner counsel for the petitioner and searching panda will enter DGP shippers may provide a copy of the petition to Sridevi within 24 hours. Mr. DeWitt vague instructions and file counter if necessary, within two weeks. petitioner will have three days thereafter to file the yonder in case any counter is filed. Let this matter will issue on top of the board on static and sympathetic in 16 December 16 December on top of the board Mr the way business and make sure that you have a copy in case you're filing counterfeit of it please we need to at least 11 by 11 layers sufficient time to file yonder grocery please set it all been thoroughly prepared. Please be thoroughly prepared at 230 Now, today might not we'll be taking that COVID pl at 230. Yes, potato please. I may be permitted to meet Shut up sorry to the knee? Yes, we first have a matter of Mr. Chairman but with our Lordships I'm here. petitioner is challenging the government resolution is not issued under the provisions of any permit issues. The challenges on the ground first, as far as petitioner is concerned, the petitioner is running to boarding schools or places in this resolution say the resolution will I am aggrieved by to two parts of the resolution one, it says that I can only touch to check fees and not peace for any other activities, which then go to my students. Now, as far as petitioner is concerned, we are running boarding schools. It is we have finally similar prospector in the brochure at page 27. To have an idea of the activities in the particular school, we have a swimming pool Sports Center horse riding and we have to maintain fixed staff irrespective of pandemic we have maintained staff for all these facilities and we have not terminated or entrenched any staff. We have fixed over a computer it is it is a different it is different from a day school. This is a boarding school where the students are allowed to stay. So they are all there was a fussy are they staying at present? Yes, yes even at present Yes. We are also maintaining the buses. We are 100 buses. We have 100 buses. Yes. Yes, yes. 100. But I have kindly seen as I have mentioned in my in my petition also, if your logic kindly says few our mentors to have the credentials of the schools at page nine para six I just read two paragraphs. It says it is respectfully submitted that schools have kept horses because school boy was riding training facilities. Man have gained Education Trust. Yes. Gentlemen, Linda Sharma founders founder, Chairman. Now, what are the details of the two schools that you mentioned? Yes. Fine. At page 51, I have given the list of the staff, eating staff non teaching staff unless you paid 51 is for the first first food. You'll also find that they have 41 teaching staff and 51 non teaching staff plus security etc. PAGE 53 other details of the other school your Lordships would find the activities or the facilities provided by the school. Finally, see loads at page 10/4 fifth line from the top page 10. At the time, when the government took his decision to issue this gr were you also part of your deliberations Yes, and we had said that it would be possible for us to survive because we are not at a place where we are a coding school we have fixed overheads. So, we said that if I also produced this comparative statement for fees, which which now we would be getting by way of reduction of 25% and not charging anything for the extra activity, the losses of one corrode almost one corrode for on six months on six month phases. So the only option, my challenge, therefore is that the before issuing such gr the state should have accounted for different kinds of schools, ordinary school running from 11 to five or or eight to one may stand on a different footing in a school boarding school like the petitioner which has in house campus staff purses, various other facilities for students who stand on a different footing, it is virtually nil when now Mr. two options, one is that we require the state to respond to your petition and file a counter ever ever let us see what they have to say on a different kind of school and not a normal day school from exact height to 409 to three or 910 to five whatever it is. And or Secondly, you will make a representation to the competent authority and the authority will examine your case either on a different footing it may allow you certain conditions or relaxations Lord should make I only consider the first option because the court referred before the circular also get requested them to treat us differently. short notice short cookies? Yes, that is completed. Please unmute your mic. We'll be putting our response. How much time? Not a week. All right. Connect with VHDL 42 of D 20. We have heard Shree sp marudhar limit counsel for the petitioner and with monisha left wallet governor for the state respondents sold this one. Government bigger place was granted a week's time to open instructions and file an appropriate affidavit if necessary. Let this matter registered again. On ninth of December in the top 10 cases, apply this matter We listed independent of the Pl 42 2020 on the set date. ticker. I'm ovulating 

