Hello, hello my tenants Yes, Mr. Joshi. I'm sorry, sir before Mr. Joshi begins. Can I take one indulgence, sir? Yes. You said a lot she permitted permitted me to put in affidavits which we have done. Yes. realize was that one fact that seven cooperative societies have the same bylaws, which would have election on the basis of constituency was left out to be put in. So this morning we are putting an additional affidavit up to two pages along with the bylaws of that society last year. permit us to take it on the record. Very, very soft copy to Mr. gadhvi, the court master Lordships athletic and you have a copy on all the other councils? Yes, sir. Please. Give them the rejoinder in our manner at 259. Plus, Mr. Jones is referring to the llama tree Yes. Good idea. Yes. And then 259 respondents state and therefore 261 is enclosed along with it. So a lot yourself the entire record, or 251 61 is the affidavit. So this evidence is not very well known so that we could trace out only last evening because it got lost in the mail. Mr. Davis, I didn't have it. We asked for a second copy from MacLean. So it might take a little little time more than what I had anticipated. So it has been extensively addressed before you notice now there are two contentions raised in principle. One is that the act is discriminatory and that it suffers from manifest arbitrary. Right now both these are elevated by both these are elements of Article 14. Yes, I'm not the Supreme Court has laid down various tests as to how it has to be applied in relation to an enactment which comes for caring so much I would first like to Yes, I would first like to emphasize the test which have been laid down by the Supreme Court as to whether an enactment is discriminatory or suffers from manifests arbitrary names and whether as per the epidemic of the state etc. These statues are meets with those tests which have been laid down according to monitor screen so first kindly have a look at the principles of law. They're not your logic if you're not yourself kindly have both compilations, one with Mr. Taco had given to your notches on your occasion. And one which Mr. DSI probably as handed over this morning. so kindly have both bars because there is a huge overlap of case law. Correct. So first one of them referring to the judgment. So first ones are dealing with discriminatory, the act being discriminatory. And I want to emphasize what are the test with the Supreme Court has led them to at least have 2015 Mr. Joshi just one minute listening finally have one or 2015 and so funny. Can you please increase the volume? Yes, you may continue Mr. Joshi. I am first elaborating the submission about discriminatory the act being discriminated. And please see the tests which are propounded by the Supreme Court to examine the statute 2015 volume 10 Supreme Court cases 681 this is at page 105 of Mr. topcoats compiling. All right. 2015 10 sec. competition at 105 with your videos. Yes, ma'am. I will go by the paragraph since mas I don't have the running page number. It starts at 105. I am inviting a lot of attention to paragraph 14 on internal page 695 of the judging one form wondering what it is at 105. Then I'm referring to paragraph 14, which is at the printed page 695 119 of the compiler from Mr. Taco Yes, yes, sir. They say yes. But I got 14, paragraph 14 now model apart, permit me to go a little slowly, because each individual element is important 14. What follows from the above is that in order to pass the test of permissible classification, two conditions must be fulfilled namely, that the classification must be founded on an intelligible differential. But do you see what it means intelligible differential, which distinguishes persons or things that are grouped together from others left out in the group, this is the first element and to that differential must have a rational relation to the object sought to be emphasizing to the object sought to be achieved by the statute in question. If the government fails to support it, action of classification on the touchstone of the principle, whether the classification is reasonable, having an intelligible differentia and a rational basis germane to the purpose, the classification has made it has to be held to be arbitrary and discriminate smartdo elements in this judgment is that what do you mean by intelligible differential is something which objectively distinguishes persons and things grouped together or left out But most importantly Manoj this classification must have a Nexus to the object sought to be achieved a rational relation to the objects ought to be achieved, then not these are the two and then must please see 2016 this is further elaborated as what do you mean by rational relation etc. Please see 2016 volume 10 sec, page 165 which is at page at serial number two of Mr. De sighs compiling at page eight of Mr. The site's compiling this elaborate of how do you apply those tests? Page 165? Yes, we're just coming page 165. That is at page eight of Mr. DSI is compiling our compiled which paragraph you are relearning graph 13 on internal page 179. printed page 179 they say a cc has been given to them. No, this is a mystery. You are referring to the compilation given by your mic and violation. violation Today reported at page number eight of that compile engine? I'm sorry. 1016 10. sec. 165. At 179 printed page. Have you shared with us? I'm not very sure. I will share I just share. I will just share. I forgot I shared with me. I just share very sorry. Thank you, sir. Paragraph 13 do lots of seven 179. Yes, in shashikala. luxman, Calais saaremaa may not achieve the sysmon. Yes. 179 printed page 13. Yes, in catholicon, etc. This court was faced with the constitutional validity of an exemption section contained in the ITA after referring in detail to so and so. And the propositions laid down varying on article 14 generally, and a few other judgments this Court held now can be seen as a process to be adopted by the court, it is first necessary to discern the true purpose or the object of the impugned enactment, this knowledge has completely been missed by the state. They are busy trying to distinguish it, it is first necessary to discern the true purpose or object of the impugned enactment, because it is only with reference to the true object of the enactment, that the existence of a rational nexus of the differentia on which the classification is based with the object sought to be achieved by the enactment can be examined to test the validity of the classification in Francis benyon. This distinction between legislative intention and the purpose and object of the legislation has been succinctly summarized into 37 as under the distinction between purpose or object of an enactment. And the legislative intention governing it is that the former relates to the mischief to which the enactment is directed, which is only expenditure in our case mischeif due to its enactment is directed and its remedy. While the latter relates to the legal meaning of the enactment. There is a clear thus a clear distinction between the two. While the purpose or object of the legislation is to provide a remedy for the malady the legislative intention relates to the meaning or exposition of the remedy, as enacted, while dealing with the validity of a classification. The rational nexus of the differential on which the classification is based, has to exist with the purpose or object of the legislation very important has to exist with the purpose or object of the legislation. The question next is of the manner in which the purpose or object of the enactment has to be determined, and the material which can be used for this exercise, please see 74 determining the purpose or object of the legislation, it is permissible to look into circumstances which prevailed at the time when the law was passed, and which necessitated the passing of the law for the limited purpose Both of appreciating the background and the antecedent factual matrix leading to the legislation. It is permissible to look at the statement of objects and reasons of the bill, which actuated the step to provide a remedy for the existing melody in tunggal, etc. The statement of objects please note this was used for judging the reasonableness of a classification made in an enactment to see if it was infringed or was contrary to the Constitution. Candyman the next line which Mr. Trivedi has also stated in that decision for determining the question even an affidavit on behalf of the State of the circumstances which prevailed at that time when the law they're under consideration has been passed, and which necessitated the passing of that law could be taken into account was relied on. It was reiterated in Bangor state of Bangor, that statement of objects and reasons accompanying a bill were introduced in Parliament can be used for the limited purpose etc. Then my next paragraph similarly and next unnumbered paragraph. Similarly in panel on a challenge to the validity of the classification was repaired, placing VLANs on the affidavit filed on behalf of the CBC. disclosing drops if there must 14 pleases the principle again. In harbans Bansal the scope of 14 has been authoritatively laid down by this code in innumerable decisions, I will skip them to be permissible under Article 14 of the Constitution of classification must satisfy two conditions. Classification must be founded on an intelligible differential, which distinguishes persons or things grouped together from others left out of the group, the differential must have a rational relation to the object sought to be achieved by the statute, that classification may be founded on different basis, what is necessary is there must be a nexus between the basis of the classification and the object of the Act under consideration, then, it is applied to the facts of that case. Then please have a look at paragraph 32. That your watches will find at internal page, I mean type page 192 printed page 192 tiny Have a look 32 onwards is relevant, but most I will read paragraph 34 at page 193. Just about lasater, g 3232 onwards is relevant matters. But for the present manner. Paragraph 34. Just about lasater, g 32 again reiterate the same thing. So I'm skipping that to avoid duplication at 34, just about Plessy term g men can on this case and went on to hold and went on to hold that the burden to affirmatively satisfy the court that that twin test of intelligible differentia having a rational relation to the object sought to be achieved by the Act would lie on the state. Once it has been established that a particular piece of legislation is on its face unequal, then on the facts of the case, kindly turn over to paragraph 35. Again, now, the extracted paragraph 42 it now this is not very relevant. It appears if it appears to be undisputable as it does to us that the pensioners for the purpose of the Pension Benefit formula would is upward revision permit a homogenous class to be divided by arbitrarily fixing an eligibility criteria unrelated to the purpose of the revision nominals I emphasize this and goodsearch classification be founded on some rational principle I highlight this rational principle that classification has to be based as is well settled on some rational principle and the rational principle must have a Nexus to the objects sought to be achieved. Then not please see lasater f two lines about placerat mF two lines towards the artificial division stares into phase and is unrelated to any principle. And whatever principle if there be any has absolutely no Nexus to the objects ought to be achieved by liberalizing the pension scheme. Then at The court says it is counterproductive etc. So, these are the principles, which the Supreme Court has said that classification based on intelligence differentiates rational relation and a rational principle. Now, let's kindly break this up and apply this to our case law. So, first point is whether there is a rational principle of distinction between the group of societies which are left in and the cooperative sugar factories which are left out or excluded. So, rational principle and whether there is a real and substantial difference between these classes. This is the test, which I'm summarizing which needs to be applied. So, rational principle and real and substantial difference between the cooperative societies and other classes of society. So, as I start by saying that my effort is hard, because they were admittedly forming one class, even according to the legislature. So, that is the first point which I'm placing for your consideration, that I need not show that they found one class. It is the legislature when it introduced the 1981 Act, for the purposes of Section 74 C, which said that cooperatives sugar factories are the same class as the other societies, which are included in 74 capital C. Now, please see mallards, therefore, exclusion from that class will involve a supervening event, point one and two, something which is not in consonance, with the objective which was not to be achieved by the 1981 amendment. So please see my lords, the statement of objects and reasons of the 1981 amendment, you will find that at page 293. When 74 C was brought in, Mr. Johnny has extensively taken your losses to 74 capital C. For the purposes for which I am emphasizing it is free and fair election and proper representation, just to summarize them. So first, let me moderate to 93 Central artists are already on the paper book, please see page 293 of my petition. This is the affidavit of the state where the objects are given to the government of the state. That's right and to an extra set which are at 293 and 294. Roger Skandia object of introducing 74 C, isn't that right? That's right, because now I am sought to be excluded. So it is necessary to place in context, why we were included? Yes, because none of my submission is the exclusion must have something to do with why we were included, and now exclude they have to justify that why are they excluding it? Now? you correct exactly what that background please see by all of us were included, to 93 under the exist very relevant everyone under the existing provision of the Punjab cooperative society that a committee of a cooperative society is constituted in accordance with the bylaws of the society, with the result, that the Constitution of the committee of every society is different in each case, first element in order to introduce a uniform system of elections for the members of a committee as well as its officers. In so far as certain categories of societies are concerned, it is considered necessary to amend the It is also considered necessary to prohibit a person from holding more than two posts of officers in certain societies, or from holding the post of officer in more than six years in that society, and also to provide for reservation of certain seats in the committee of such societies for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, and also for marginal farmers and small farms. Someone has won his uniformity and that the existing provisions as per elections as for bylaws is insufficient. Please see the next page the 82 amendment statement why the apex society amendment came while administering the just the next page 294 while administering the Gujarat cooperative societies act 1961. It is found that existing provisions therein are not adequate to meet with certain aspects of the cooperative movement, such as existence of financially not viable society, in the same economic activity, please not this emergence of vested interests of gaining control over cooperative societies etc. It is therefore considered necessary to make adequate provisions in the act for the purpose. You're not just will find at that stage, it was thought fit to bring in uniformity and to actively prevent prevent vested interests from gaining control of cooperative societies under the 1982. There is no reference to financial stake of the government, the government is trying to find out justification later. Only note at this stage, that certain classes of societies there was no question of financial stake of the dollar. At the stage, why 74 C was brought namaz This was challenged by societies who did not want independent provisions of election to come it was only marked two things as far as I'm concerned 74 C has two very vital elements, which Mr. Johnny has elaborated, I am only narrating very briefly one is Milan the constituency Why is representation two very important elements constituency wise representation which means that one person or one member in his taluka is entitled to vote for His representative alone. And it is the will of the majority in the constituency which will prevail. This is a very important distinction brought out by 74 See, read with the rules more particularly three a three B and four. I need to just point that out marks to elaborated that distinction is that if this constituency wise election is not maintained, then why not the larger constituency members, their views and votes will prevail. And there will not be a true representation constituency vice by the members of that constitute I hope I'm clear. Therefore, please, please, please have a look at these have a look at 74 see for a minute, but I just touched two or three issues. It has been extensively read, please see the salutary provisions which are brought in. And I'm only as I said, emphasizing these two issues 74 c says you're not just 74 capital C. It says under subsection one, that the following societies are considered as a separate class and just the fourth line shall be subject to the provisions of chapter 11. A fourth line of subsection one the election of the members of the so and so shall be subject to the provisions of 11 a seminar. This class of societies is considered worthy of provisions of free and fair elections under Chapter 11 Winning, which is 145 capital A, section 145 capital A 145 capital A losses we'll find, apart from the other, Mr. Johnny has extensively read disqualification, why it is necessary etc. Please see two elements 155 u 155. View he has emphasized this indeed independent tribunals. 145 145 sorry, what did I think? 145 you you as an umbrella umbrella dispute relating to elections to be submitted to the federal government there is an independent tribunal which Mr. Gianni evaluated on social contract and then we're not candy, why 145 why rules to be made? Yes, no, not rules to be made. Our Gujarat specified cooperative societies election to committee rules 1982 rules and 82 rules, there your watches may very quickly have three capital A and those rules are same apart from other sections invoking section 145 why also one eight it is valid under 145 why 145 g 145? You yes 168 145 g u y. So, why your Lordships have been taken to three capital A three a 123 etc deals with constituency being lazy one in every society where there are more than one constituency. So and So, do you have a provisional Yes, a provisional list of constituencies has to be prepared under one then most kindly escaped 234 kindly come to nine just about America. Then sub rule nine of three mandates that if it is not notwithstanding anything contained in the rules or by law if it is not done, the collector has the authority to divided into constitute. Please see for in the context of what the honorable court had inquired that it has to be constituency by a provisional list of voters shall be prepared in Gujarati for every society by the society in which the general election is due to be persons who are members on the date of drawing up of accounts of the year in which the election is due, shall be included in the provision list. If different constituencies are provided in the bylaws, the names of the voters shall be arranged constituency wise, as laid down in the bylaw. So two salutary features which I'm emphasizing. One is constituency wise representation, and election tribunals being an independent body. These are elements of free and fair election and proper representation in our democratic setup and our pillars of democratic governance. Mr. So Parker just indicated at the outset that no no but society is also now have constituency wise, that is one of the relevant, it is left to the discretion of the society whether it has or not, I am under government acts, the legislature's action at the first day, I will deal with the part later if some society voluntarily has constituency or not, this is a mandate that society the majority has no discretion. This is a mandate of the legislature that you will have constituencies if your area of operations is more than one talaga election will be constituency wise, which is a pillar of proportionate and proper representation. Now, most kindly come back to 74 C, which gives an indicator of why such a class 74 c It has nothing to do with financial input of the state 74 Capital see your notice will find some indication in 74 see Excel Yes, you're not just gonna find the clause which permits the government to add to the schedule 74 C, one Roman seven any other society or class of societies logic Can you guess, which the state government by General or special order published in The Official Gazette from time to time specifying this behalf regard being had to the financial position and share capital of such institution must do elements could be the financial position and the share capital of the institution that means its members contribution etc or the scale of operation some indication of what constitutes a parameter for the class which has been included in 74. See, before I go further maths please see, your notice will find that page 27 the membership of the society at page 27 of my petition, membership and turnover and please see the scale. Just kindly run down my notes, column C, and D off page 27 the first source idea seven and a half 1000 members, Solomon Milord that page 27 answered all of your years so many papers to handles that yes. Okay. Yes Facebook page 27 kindly rundown columns C and D. Yes, the first society has more than seven and a half 1000 members and 16 crore turnover column C and D The second society has 18 and a half 1000 members. So, elections transparency voting etc and 400 crores turnover the third has 1616 and a half 1000 members 351 crores 24 and a half 1000 members. Can you see the districts also in the first column three districts $8 for 46 villages 367 185 320 villages over the page 153 villages five and a half 1000 members 700 crores turnover items while then six 210 villages 15 and a half 1000 members three and a half 350 crores turnover $5 gas 21,000 members 66 crores 600 villages 23,000 members to 93 crores please see the scale of the society and the importance of the elections for such a huge number of members. So, they are not that class, transparency in election etc. The societies themselves or the persons in control have never been for this fair procedure under 74. See, they challenged it at the first instance before this honorable court and please see why it is append, which is also important, because of our exclusion must have some relation to why the our code said that these provisions are necessary. Please am not page one of Mr. tacos, compiler 84 to Glr 1244. Yes, please the paragraph 16 on printed page 1302. I want to invite your Lordships attention to this because of affidavits being filed by the state that in fact it was only money being given by which it was this class was upheld. Please see paragraph 60 on page 1302. Please see what the court accepted the state may have said anything. Please see what the court accepted para 60. Please see their case as recorded by the court. As regards saaremaa erotica barrel 61 302, a six zero paragraph 60 para 60 pe printed page 1302. Right after this I can give the running page 46. Yes. What is e para 60. As regards section 74, capital C, the case of the state government is that with a view to ensure impartial and independent machinery for conducting elections in cooperative society, that the same has been introduced, as suggested in the conference of the representatives of open societies in this case. Please mark this one up that it was brought in to ensure impartial and independent machinery to digress for a minute not the exclusion could have been justified on the grounds that there is some statute or in respect of corporate societies in respect of the elections, which ensures impartial and independent machinery in respect of the elections. So not necessary. There can't be an exclusion there it is too expensive. Your focus was ensure impartial and independent machinery for conducting elections in cooperative society. Please see how the court upholding Clara 66 yes barrel 66 running, it's not 1306 printed 1306 This takes us to the challenge to 74 C, which provides for conduct of elections of certain specified society in accordance with 11 a, it should first be examined as to whether the probe immune provision is violative of 19 one G and if necessary examined whether it offers 19 one C. At the outset, it must be emphasized that 11 A which contains detailed provision, as to all elections are to be conducted is made applicable by these provisions contained in 74 C, only to apex societies as may be specified by the government by General or special order in the Official Gazette or district central bank's primary land development, Toluca, sales and purchase union, sugar factories and spinning Mills. It cannot be gainsaid, please, that the conduct of the elections to all these offices, which are almost in the nature of public offices, having regard to the important function, these societies discharge nothing to do with one crore being given by the government or 20 lakhs being given by the government that is too trivial a consideration having regard to the important function, these societies discharge must be so conducted as to inspire confidence amongst members in particular members of the public at large etc. It does not require much of an imagination to appreciate that many malpractices are being committed etc, which my friend read then must 67. As regards the challenge on the ground, we are adopting having regard to the class of society, which have been special under 74 C and the nature of functions with the discharge that test to be applied for determining the value of distinction from the accident from the angle of the doctrine of intended and real effect as laid down in Venkat. On this case, this is the last line of paragraph 16. Last two lines, the restrictive provision in election is valid intersection is valid, since it is reasonable and in the public interest. So my not 74 C is brought in for the laudable object that looking to the society's important function. And to ensure transparency and fairness of election, this is absolutely imperative. As I said, the exclusion must conform to the requirements that is equally being taken care of. If we take you out, because there is some statute which obliges you to undertake similar obligations, which is absent in this case. So the reason for bringing us in was this then merasa This is the background in this proportional representation, please see the importance of both. Please have a look at page one of our compiler 1972 one sec 719. page one of Mr. Our compilers. Why it is so important. Listen, paragraph nine and 10. on pages 724, printed 910 and 11. The rival convention paid 724. The rival contentions which fall for determination are whether the right of vote for election of a member of the committee of management is confined to the delegates have the members of that particular constituency or whether a delegate would have the right to vote for all constituencies constituting the committee of management as the power of the register to interpret 409 It appears that the rule does not confer a power on the register to interpret or to express views to guide the rights of the members to vote at the AGM On the contrary for this is not as far as the power of the registrar is concerned about eight lines or 10 lines into para 10. Therefore under Rule four, the Nine. Therefore, under 409 oversight, you can divided membership into different groups or territories or any rational basis for the purpose of election of members rule also empowers a society to apportion the members of the committee of management has different rules, the number of proportion of members of the committee of management will have to be apportioned in a manner that different areas or interest into which the membership of the society is divided, may obtain suitable representation on the committee of management. The entire purpose of division of membership into different groups and specifying suitable representation of such group on the committee of management is to emphasize the right of the particular group to send a representative to the committee to illustrate if a society is divided into 14 separate groups or a territorial basis, and one member of the committee of management is allotted to each group. And if delegates have one group have the right to cast 14 votes, two consequences will follow. First, the right of choosing a representative of the constituency will not be confined to that constituency will be enlarged to outsiders in other constituencies. Secondly, a member of the committee from one constituency may be elected by a majority of board from delegates of other constitute Yes, he will come so much it follows on the same line. So, this is what they say is a very elementary pillar of proper representation. Now, what has happened in the facts of the case is that if it is rule three eight says, If you have more than one talukas you will need to have as many constituencies as there are talaga and it is how it is interpreted by the state. The size of the Toluca may be different means the members in Toluca would be different in each case, but they are entitled to have their own representative on the board. What would happen if this is not there is that if one Toluca has far larger number of members, if all votes are to be considered, if one member votes across talukas, there will not be proper representation of the members in respect of their own taluka it will be colored by hordes of persons residing outside of them. This is what the honorable Supreme Court has said of proportional and proper representation. So this is a salutary feature. But this is apparent also by our full bench which has gone to the Supreme Court kindly see page 89 of Mr. topcoats compile ation. 2015 13, sec 401. This is page 89 of Mr. Cortes compilation. Here also module options will note that these societies refuse to comply with the provisions of rule three, eight and hold elections as per the requirement of law, which is why the matter had gone to the high court at the instance of members who said that the law is not followed the Supreme Court bars in paragraph 21 on printed page 411 has this to say about the constituency Why is representation page 411 para 21. Printed for one it is obligatory on the part of any specified society to bring about amendment in it registered by laws in conformity with the provisions of the rules and particularly three eight and nine. But if the societies have not amended their bylaws the same has to be in conformity with the rules. By getting it suitably amended. The effect of the rule would not stand nullified or inoperable for this purpose nine gives the power to the collector to delimit the constituency thus please not this one is the area of operation of a society exceeds more than one village which it does in all cooperative societies exceeds more than one village as per sub rule eight the number of constituencies is required to be bifurcated by the collector in exercise of his power, so as to make it equal to the total number of seats. To see that effective representation is given to the members of the Society for giving fair representation to its members to elect that true representatives to participate in the affairs of the society, as part of the managing committee members, as a society must be represented by elected representatives and democratic process to effectively represent in the managing Committee, which is an indispensable parameter for democratic institutions. To achieve the laudable object of cooperative woman. Please see the focus on representation by the constituency of its members for its own represented, being so important then must paragraph 23 relevant again, it is emphasized. Then my lords, the other element of free and fair election being an election tribunal, you know, chisel find it extracted at page 414. In Chiodo, lawns case page for one for just over 25 extracted para 179. In your compilation, I am reading the same judgment 2015 13. You notice 2015 13? sec? Oh, yes. I just read para 21.1 their candy go down to Melrose para 24 but at page 414? Yes. Were at extracted 343 there is yet another extract at 179. At 414 Kyoto Hello, ha Yes, please see, democracy is a part of the basic structure of our constitution and rule of law. free and fair elections are basic features of democracy. One of the postulates of free and fair elections is the provision for resolution of election disputes as also adjudication of disputes relating to subsequent disqualification by an independent authority. So, therefore, to summarize 74 c comes in free and fair elections, proper representation, independent authority, and constituency wise representation, all salutary features of democracy and the electoral process. And this is upheld by our court in this context, once if it was according to the legislature itself, the existing provisions of the bylaws were not adequate. Looking in some societies look into the nature of the functions performed, it was necessary to bring in 74 See, what is the object of excluding us This must be read in the context of what was the object of bringing us in and what purpose was achieved. So please see my notes the statement of objects as far as the present amendment is concerned that your Lordships will find the English was my friend but may have to assist me now that I have the Gujarati one Mr. de se can indicate where the English is in their affidavit manner. The statement now that now I'm coming to applying those tests with the Supreme Court had laid down you're not just not recollect, the Supreme Court said first find out the object which is sought to be achieved, so that the classification can be related to whether it's observed the object. So, first test is find out the object in that context, I had said that there is an umbilical cord between this and why we were brought in so I read why we were brought in what purpose itself now please see the object presently, which is in page 86 in Gujarati in my petition, but mas in the Mr. topcoats petition, it is an English page 86 in reply to Mr. tacos petition, it is for one, Satoshi you may read it, but we have gone through that particular translation. So it's alright so I'm not reading it so much two things they have said that two reasons have nothing. Two reasons finance the expenditure incurred and the time of the time of the collector you are emphasizing on this right now. As the honorable Supreme Court said What is the object of the legislation as discernible from the statement of objects and the ability, these draw a distinction between the attempt to show why we are different, please ignore it, it is irrelevant unless they show an access to the object. So, the what the Supreme Court said is First, find out the object of the legislation, as distinguished from what is the basis for classification. So, if I if I focus on the object of the legislation, the statement of objects and reasons, is undisputedly that you will save eight lakhs on the face of it irrational because the society still undertakes that expense. On the face of it, it is absurd. The expenditure element, which my lord the Chief Justice also noted, one way or the other you are wearing the expense. So, therefore, what is object of the legislature your logic, I dare say there is no object discernible. Your purchase price after pay. Why are you excluded? Mr. rivetti rightly said wait for my turn. But they have already filed affidavits. They've already come up with a statement of objects and reasons, there is absolutely no object discernible. That is in addition to what has been stated in the object and reasons, I've come up with any other object and the evidence we have here, yes, I invited Ross's attention to both so much first is expense and second is administrative exigency. Please balance this against why we were included, look into the status, position, nature of functions, need for transparency, fairness in election 1000s and 1000s of members being involved in the process. We were brought in 74 See, now what is sought to be counterbalanced is sorry, but maybe expenses high and the collector has no time these are my notes This is not the up what is the public interest and objective of a legislation must be in the public interest. The every law must serve serve a public purpose their losses the object is to save eight lakhs and prevent the poor collector from learning year and this is not the object of statement of objects or reasons that completely silent on what is substantial or rational grounds to the epidemic. What I was asking what I said I've got it kindly come to the epidemic kindly come to page 87 in my copy as I emphasized not for the time being please keep that distinction aside that you are federal as your primary and they are federal and they could as well have said you are manufacturing sugar and the others are not therefore there is a classification. It is irrelevant unless you know what is the object. So please see 87 It is one of my petition, which is very blank in the back in applications of Mr. comfortable for us. They're detailed that affidavit starts at page 87 that's one of my my biggest 4449 yes Yes 87 D Rogers, can you find that? Yeah Yes kindly Have a look at after the initial models paragraph. The rationale starts from paragraph 97 paragraph nine on page 97 sorry not paid 97 paragraph nine 9.1 on account may not get defined that is on account of various proposals made from time to time by various sugar cooperative societies and the Federation, as well as the grievance voiced by the Federation regarding the additional expense towards use of government machinery borne by the society and ultimately by the members, so, it is not exchequer were looked into by the state government on account of the details regarding expenses and use of government machinery in the electoral process provided by the director of sugar deliberations took place. And accordingly, it was decided to delete the sugar cooperative societies from the list of specified societies. In view of the above contingent of the petitioner that the amendment is carried out without rational and meaningless. They reimburse eyes that cost being incurred by the society is sufficient to take them out or 75. That is the object of the legislation. Then not please see some page 98 no read para 9.2. Also, when section 74 ABC are inserted in the principal, for the first time in the statute book in 81. The state government in order to promote growth of sugar industries as part of the Agrarian Reform Act substantially contributed to the share capital, as well as extended loans or subsidies under the scheme. It is for these reasons, an element of public interest was involved at the relevant stage at one of the principal Act authorizes state government to nominate its representative on the board of the society. Thus, in the year 81, there were cogent reasons prevailing to include sugar factories, under the list of specified societies under 74 C of the Act. Can you pause here for a minute, the watch changes come now. Okay, but pause here for a minute. First, it has nothing to do with objects. First of all, this object station please see through this is classification. They are saying that today you don't have investment by state, which distinguishes you from the others. Was that they object in 1981. It never was so relevant. I am I'm completely I'm obliged not that is exactly what I'm coming to but for the purpose of understanding the state's contention. The first thing as your chief said, it was never why you brought in 7040 that state money can be protected. It was never a rationale why our court accepted. They said look into the nature of the functions. last number of members were analyzed show the You do one thing Mr. Joshi. Read 9.3 9.5 I propose to I propose to propose to it I propose to read that kindly. Now, I am only emphasizing please not by reading have this distinction in mind as to their attempt to conflate two issues. First, determine the object so that the classification can be related. Their object is to save money. Then they are saying for that we have two classes. And how you are different, which is irrelevant. As I said, you're saving money off the society or the government. No, no, not saving money managers have neither. So much the society continues to spend and administrative exigency to avoid free elections. It's unthinkable. unthinkable that it is the collector finds it difficult to ensure free and fair elections. That's unthinkable as a ground as to counter way public interest but bias please see 9.3 when the proposal suggesting amendment of 7040 of the principle that was submitted by the director of sugar overall assessment of the details suggested get gradually the contribution of the state government towards share capital in the case of sugar factory is substantially reduced nsdl with an amount then xR seven is a copy of the statement showing details of the share capital contribution of the state government towards 13 working coconuts ready being recovered and repaired completely does the factor of public interest added to the COVID that is at the material time came to be substantially watered down as compared to the position prevalent when the amendment was introduced. Way back in 1982. Mark please pause here for a minute. Public Interest is only safeguarding money assuming this is correct, what about free and fair and transparent elections warranted looking to the nature of the functions and the number of members you want for one rupees one crore 60 lakhs is the only public interest 1000s and 1000s of members who are dependent on democratically elected governance of their society is not something in the public interest please see an extra are seven their statement that they're not just will find Mr. The paging has gone mister they say can please are seven or seven is a part of the counter evidence yes yes one mic up and 125 120 507 Yes, leave the mouse. What assuming that case just examine it in perspective please see the huge public interest because of the investment. What is the investment? One crore 60 lakhs in the first one crore 60 in the second two crores 75 lakhs in the third 20 lakhs in the face 39 lakhs 27 lakhs 35 lakhs 20 lakhs 7.5 crores 1.69 crores two point 77 crores this according to them this 2030 lakhs or to grow three crores is a huge public interest which is no longer there because quite conveniently these amounts are repaid by the persons in management efficiently when is a variable and I am under I am startled at the concept of the state to say that our investment of one crore was the only serious reason why we wanted transparent that very election. Started Milan there is an element of irrationality to 18,000 members whose livelihood depends on the running of the cooperative society, free and fair elections to ensure that somebody doesn't capture power and stick on to it like a free food that the state doesn't say it is public interest. When not please see 9.4 is another pesticide self serving epidemic observation around 9.4. I add page 98. At page 98 9.4, I submit that once the state government is a subscriber to the share capital, considering 81 of the act of 61 normally set societies to be governed only by bodies elected and in that that view it should be autonomous. Does any interference by the state by nominating represent how is it relevant? What is the relevance and election by the independent body before an independent tribunal disputes are adjudicated is certainly not interference if that is what they are hinting that our borders upheld 74 C and chapter 11. That is transparent and fair elections. So this indirect hinting that oh it might amount to itself is about being a little too cautious and quite irrelevant. So only No reasons in this. Now they're vile that subsequent epidemic please see the object again mouth please draw distinction between different please see at page 269 they have filed a survey just like 259 they have filed a survey joint, yes. Again Manoj kindly has they have annex the epidemic which they had put in the other matter and they have added two elements please see 269 where they have extracted what I just read 269 Yes, that table that public interest was only because of the 27 lakhs and 39 lakhs which were deposited, if I take the general case or to close. So, this is what they say there must be 273 onwards to 73 they are justifying that it is too expensive for you for the society itself 273 that table Yes. But I have three point 72 where their cases are 273 70 sorry, soberness 273 they are still on the object of saving money, which I've already said is irrational, but even there you notice may see a basic flaw 273 they are saying that you are at a profit of one lakh and your expense would be eight lakhs etc. Yes, first point is that the state is quite well aware that this is a cooperative society where the members are the producers, Whatsapp is ready with the loss calcifies protocol with a positive asset for this use he please see my notes a fundamental flaw in this reasoning which is only finding the last epidemic there they are saying that you do not make enough profit. Now, Mahnaz This is not a commercial venture. This is a cooperative society, its members are producers. The profit is as dividend to the members sugarcane which is procured, there is a purchase price given to the members. Therefore, the element of properties irrelevant was one example societies have given three and 350 crores as procurement price to its members, this is not a case where profit has to be generated for the purpose of share market prices. This is a cooperative society both cases even if there was profit or I pay higher procurement price the money goes to the members. So, let me give you an example. If I'm able to sell the produce at say 120 crores it matters little if my procurement Price Is 118 crores and therefore, profit is two crores or my procurement prices 50 crores and my profit is 70 crores for the reason that both monies go to members, please see section 61 of the cooperative societies 66 of the cooperative societies act. So, that this distinction was I will just elaborate again, that this is again somebody is Thought at the stage of sorry joinder. Mr. de si ABCD is with the court. Yes, please see 66 section 6666. appropriation by profits that line. So, I will skip Bernards one which is what has to be computed, etc. Please see 266 subsection two, right? associate society may appropriate its profits to its reserve fund or any other fund created by it to the payment of dividends to members on their share, etc. So, the concept of less or more profit is irrelevant in a cooperative society. It is just surplus which can be divided amongst its members. Point 1.2. In the arguments of Mr. Taco, the learned Advocate General did say that what do you do with these hundreds of crores of turnover? Most of you are running and now they said yes, yes, yes. Critical. In that context, it will not change. Just have that ABS I have given today. Mr. Deputy, the expectation is because I'm also there. And that's the first half however, depending on the side on that side, they said they said tomorrow day after tomorrow if it can be or it can be timing was 13. Was every other day, a minute. Hello, everybody. A glimpse of justice Shastri. Scott. Can I continue to? See this is disturbing, please don't do this. The link gets snapped. We were on a particular issue. Let's concentrate on it. Yes, Mr. Joshi, he has not so this profit part I just want to indicate that apart from the fact that it is thoroughly extraneous. Even this reasoning is flawed, because prophets have nothing to do with the importance of the functions carried on by the society. The fact whether it makes one rupee profit, or 200 crore profit or whatever it is, it has no implication on the nature of the functions of such societies, the role it performed, by which the classification was upheld by our division meant earlier. In that context, I just wanted to point out there is a lot just have that ABCD compulsion, which my friend has given by logic, it's a printed balance sheet. So there should be no objection to that model. What I'm also sending to the learner is a five page Cliff only five page lead a balance sheet, relevant extract of a balance sheet of sugar factories, along with today's compiling. Again, Mr. Design one half a minute. When When will I get on email or on WhatsApp, Whatsapp? half a minute? No, send me earlier in the morning. If you can take it is not being going in email. It is still in my sent box in my email that compile so I don't know why it is still in my accent to compile. So I did send it to you. I just want to show one and remonster brevity will not find it difficult to just notate mother nothing elaborate. I'm arguing on this 273 is your Lordships have in hand. Kindly see item nine there. item nine there on two 73 Yes, there are cases that you are expending 28 lakhs while your profit is 48,000 not generic yes now that's a numbers candy turn to page a this is the same society along with today's judgment compile nation five six pages of gujrati I have made ABCD PG along with today's judgment compilation in the past I've said relevant extracts of a balance sheet that yes my might not yet please see not the first line on the left hand column amount paid towards procurement of sugarcane 579 crores 52 lakhs etc. in 1890 579 crores has been paid to the members for procurement of sugarcane and the produce was sold at 613 crores. So, which is why I say this profit element is thoroughly relevant either way the profit would have gone to the members but the procurement by which the farmers have benefited by the district the district by service or it could be your mobile number Sora zoar sooner I think is the biggest in the state right bardoli Mr. Johnny or Mr. Trivedi are the best moments he says me So, we're not you're not just messy the next page also 60 crores 344 crores as I'm only pointing out all the their logic is that your profits are too low. So, we are taking care of you. At page 273 they are justifying the objectives that we are saving money at page 273 by trying to tell you a logic that look that profits are not enough that profit for society is that profits are not enough we are saving money. This is the object of the Act which is absurd. Because that turnover and the procurement price which we pay to our members is 300 and odd crores 500 and odd crores this Payton's of 12 lakhs and 20 likes to ensure fair elections, no member will object apart from the fact that it can't be an object to save money for the Society for any law. I'm saying that this comparison to profits is only colorable. It's misleading. It is added to indicate that you are doing nothing else earning only 10 lakhs or running into loss. According to you, man if you had not returned the government's money before 31st March 2019 you would have continued as a specified society No, they would have found some other reason which is doing so today if you again take loan from the government again, you can't fall into that category No, no that not necessary evil they are that is not the reason for including that is not they are saying that public interest is not sub so can I just say one minute, even today these societies have loans and financial assistance of the government even today. share capital they are saying share capital capital has gone Okay, I didn't. Continuous various of us societies financial assistance continues. section eight is necessary to be farshad care for section eight Yes, now, they are summarized at page 275. So, statement of objects or objects have seen affidavit essentially reiterate that at 275. Now, paragraph for paragraph for the sum and substance of the for the discussion clearly suggests that mainly the following four reasons are weighed with the government for excluding sugar COVID is it from the list or specified society, one, they are not federal societies, again, it's an issue of classification, kindly ignore it for the time being, that the others are federal and you are not has nothing to do with objective I will deal with it when I deal with classification One, two, expenditure being incurred in conducting the election is on the higher side. So, these are the objective of saving money this is not classification. Otherwise models if it is classification, it will be more everybody save money more everybody. So, object to three collector were responsible are overloading. This can't be classification, it must apply to all. So, it is an object. So, object of the legislation is save money, save the collectors from working too hard. For pertinently, in 81, when cognitive sugars were included within the list, the element of public interest was in the forefront. Therefore, the state government has majority and existence, they are subscribed to the share capital, again, not si. This is not recorded by the court. This is not the justification for upholding 74 C. That point the human element of public interest is now no longer really restricted, which is the phone. Sorry, I'm really district was followed by we just missed this again, now there's an element of classification. So on the first test with the Supreme Court said find out the object of the legislation, then go to class on the object of the legislation, there is nothing in the statement of objects or the affidavits except expense and administrative difficulty. Those in marriage proposal submission is no object at all, the object has to be rational in the public interest subserving the constitutional goal or must be in the public interest etc. So therefore, there is no object which is discernible at all. In that context, one of your Lordships have already noticed. On the other hand, that for the exclude for the inclusion, what was the important nature of functions, number of members, turnover of the society, etc, you're not yourself notice. So my notes I'm respectfully urging that as far as object is concerned, there is none. Now we went on classification, their attempt and now you're totally ready to summarize, they are seeking to distinguish the societies from the others by saying that you form a different class. One is as stated in page 275, you are not a federal society and two is that it amounts are returned. So there is no element of public interest as far as you are concerned. You're not just have noticed at page 275 can you keep that in hand marks 275. That one classification point one. We have noted Mr. Joshi we are not so first is that you are not a federal society. This does not help them for two weeks. At the stage I was included my character was the same. It has not changed is it for federal primary, etc. is no consequence at all. This entire argument is facetious, I was classed as one class, despite my character being the same. Today, they say you are not federal etc, there is no change. It doesn't distinguish me once you have considered me, as of one class, this parameter was irrelevant. You considered nature of functions, importance of the society, the office being an element of almost public office, therefore, you can't bring in a distinction, which was not relevant for treating me as one class at the threshold stage itself. Point 1.2 being a federal society or not, assuming My friend is right, it must have a Nexus with the object. If the object is saving money, how does the federal society or non federal society have any bearing? You save money, you save money for all? If you have administrative difficulty, does it become less or more. So the classification has no Nexus, apart from the fact that their classification is not a principle at all. There is any principle laid down in the entire matter. It is not a principle that it is a federal society or not a federal society. The issue is a free and fair election. Why do you want to exclude me from provisions which our court said are imperative for free and fair elections, whether I'm federal, non federal, etc, there is no Nexus with why I was brought in in the first place. So, that is to then the last day of setting This is item for the public interest element that as I said, is really again irrelevant. This is to answer the argument that what has changed, they have brought this in again my notes one point 60 crores or two point 60 crores is not public interest was to ensure free and fair elections, it is the number of members and the nature of work. So, therefore, more even if there was share holding or no shareholding there is no distinction in the nature of the functions I carried on in 81 and today, therefore, must this has absolutely no bearing. So, therefore, on both counts, absence of any legal principle, least of all our rational principle, neither an objective is disclosed nor a objective criteria for classification in this clause. As I said, we're not the state would have been better off saying you manufacture sugar since you are out. Therefore, going into discussions on differences, not consequential unless you link it to objectives ought to be achieved, which is not there. That is how I conclude the first point second is manifest arbitrariness So, it was fails on article 14 discrimination on both object and intelligible differentia. Then our manifest arbitrariness Mr. Taco and Mr. Johnny have argued again now, please see the principal. When the court has to apply the test of manifest arbitrariness. What does the court look at? Please demand the book which has been given by Mr. Topper 2017. Volume nine sec, page one. That's a separate book which my friend had requested your Lordships to have? Yes. Please have a look straight to para 95 as to how to apply this principle of manifest arbitrary. Just shout out Oh, that's right. Well, paragraph 9585. It is on page 95 para 95. I propose to read two paragraph 95 and 101. And please demarcate one of those words which the Supreme Court has used to apply to our case. On a reading of this judgment. My Lords paid 95. He says yeah, on a reading of this judgment. In so and so it is clear that McDonald was not read as an authority for the proposition that legislation can never be struck down as arbitrary. Indeed the court referring to earlier judgments and Ajay hoshang particular stated that legislation can be struck down on grounds that is arbitrary went on to conclude that arbitrariness when applied to legislation cannot be used use nominals kindly See, instead, it is broad the eight broad based the test stating that if a constitutional infirmity is found, 14 will interdite such informative and a constitutional infirmity is found in Article 14 itself. Whenever the legislation is manifestly arbitrary now, please see how it is defined that is, when it is not fair, not reasonable, discriminatory, non transparent, capricious, biased with favoritism, nepotism and not in pursuit of promotion of healthy competition and equitable treatment first element please see the positive element positively speaking, it should conform to norms which are rational informed with reason and guided by public interest please, sorry, when does not is level discriminating on care patients wise to save money and not in pursuit of the competition and politically speaking, it will conform to norms which are rational in the front with return and interest. Yes, so, Mara the kindly recollect your Lordships very to all of us that what why have they brought in this law? So, I have read the statement and the affidavit completely opaque. The reason is obviously not the reason completely opaque unless my friend conjures up something from thin air, the documents don't disclose the affidavit or the statement don't disclose so much it is completely non transparent, discriminatory, etc. So, this is them please see 1011051 at page 99 Yes, that also was read yesterday Yes, but the C plus items see just two lines manifest arbitrariness therefore, just below class item C Yes. Yes, must be done by the legislature capriciously, irrationally this or without adequate determining principle. This principle is absurd, they are going on facts principle. So this this is manifest arbitrary. In that context, I have already indicated that it suffers from the vise of everything which the honorable Supreme Court has stated constitutes an element of manifest arbitrariness, particularly when 74 c ensures proper democratic elections and fair adjudication to exclude me in the public interest will require something more than expense and administrative exigency. They you're not yourself seen in our bylaws, we have said that hundreds of villages are covered 1000s of members are also covered. And therefore, this is therefore manifestly arbitrary. There is one last element on the aspect which touches manifest arbitrariness also, in the context of is it slanted towards some purpose, which the Court has said favoritism etc, but slanted towards some purpose? And what are the attendant circumstances. So as the largest we'll find that three eight or three a when it came in 1982, all these societies consistently continued to hold elections, as per their own bylaws, because there would be lopsided voting pattern. The larger talukas or the larger chunks would overwhelm representation by the persons in their own constituency. To the extent that the government fed up with this act to bring out a circular saying that time and time is enough. Please amend your bylaws, these judges will find that page 242. I want to show a consistent obstinate stand of the societies that the management in power, they are there since decades, don't want to let go of the control of holding elections, and also disputes etc. Through favoritism. Please see 242 paragraph 1442 Yes, that is part of my reply. So part of my rejoinder Your name is Richard It's all internal page eight internal page eight, paragraph 14 it is submitted that till 2011 12. The sugar factories with sugar factories were holding elections in violation of create and nine of the sensor rules. Therefore the registrar so and so were a circular of six 711 directed that all the specified society shall hold elections in consonance with this one so rule accordingly district registers sooner by way of communication of well informed all sugar societies to hold elections as per this one rule and bring their bylaws in conformity with the rule. copies of the circulars are an extra 15 I say and submit that in spite of the aforesaid the elections of the sugar factories were conducted, to contrary to the budget specified corporate insiders election rules, and therefore the matter came to the full bench just candy that is sufficient for this. Please see the full band judgment in the same petition. Sorry, my friend, Mr. desire something. Last two lines that a full bench declared this election. I know I'm taking my lats to the pool best decision. Can you see the full bench decision made 63 of the same petition of the same petition paper? page 63. Yes, there again, not the same thing happened. Three eight was followed in the breach. Therefore, members approached page 17 after recording this page 75 paragraph 30 so that your Lordships see that over the sugar by the Fed societies. Also were quite obstinate in ignoring chapter 11 A para 30 on page 75. Yes scso. And so, this petition is preferred by three members and shareholders of nirmanakaya. So our group class our class, the prayers are made in the petition for seeking appropriate rate to watch and set aside the Nativity have always tried to question one of the principal base of the petition is that the area of operation of the society is more than one village and therefore bylaws for election of the members of the Management Committee has to be in conformity with the provisions of the A in spite of that, election is held as per bylaw number 21 a b why not 21 A would stand in conformity with rubber a constituency is required to be delimited etc, then the rest is not immediately relevant. Only that the societies were interested in not following chapter 11 please see paragraph 31 bylaw number to provide for election of 15 levels minimum so answer no you skip that part you start reading from plus system 45 in para 13 right exactly why not like I just wanted to inverter what is that engine do less hit up 20 just the line below that area of operations is 40 kilometer hundreds of village I just want to show them yeah absolutely my page whatever and if you have like in our view right start from them by implementation by laws by implementation of the bylaws which are the heart the statue rule. Two lines on the top of your head the constituency is being delimited. Yes, at the constituencies, the limited as per statutory rule three a the position would have been different in as much as the voters of the state constituencies would only be in a position to cast their vote and not have any other constituents by implementing of the bylaws which are divorced the the consequences The reason that the voters have other constituencies residing in the separate villages have cast their vote in favor of candidates, which would otherwise not be permissible, as per the scheme of three. In our view. Once it is found that voters have one constituency not otherwise provided in sub rule eight of three have cast their vote for the representatives of another or a separate constituency that would materially affect the results of the election. In as much as example Division One of Bowery comprised of 50 villages, large block consists of 13. Under these circumstances, it appears to us that there is no proportionate representation of the voters for electing the representatives of their area. Hence, it can be said that the result of the election is materially affected. The aforesaid is an additional aspect of the aspect that the bylaws On the basis of which elections are and are not in conformity with the provisions, then must finally the court sets aside those elections. last line here, sorry. Sorry. Make them mute. unmute. Can you see the last three lines on the same page 76. Last six lines under these last two words of the sentence are, under these circumstances, the fact that the election is vitiated does not materially affected, etc. Consider back to the presentation of the legal issue. The other 100 of the country respond to now fantasy that the contention of the respondents which means the society to allow the elected representatives to continue to hold their office, on a mere ground that the election of this type were held earlier, does not deserve to be accepted. In the result, the elections held of the members of the managing committee of the responsible for society deserve to be quashed and set aside further directed that as the elections as with a scheme of rule eight shall be held at the stage delimitation will be made, etc. until the election is directed they will only managers caretaker. So, this is 30 and 31 are in relation to cooperative sugar societies. Paragraph 30 and 31 our cooperative sugar society which said we will not abide we will go by our bylaws have a composite election went ahead. challenged court said nothing doing this is salutary. Please do it as 138 election set aside please see what follows 104 please see the date of the judgment this judgment is Fourth of July 2013 page 63 page 63 yes apart from other issues etc This triggers at 104 your launch is fine and internal letter from the director sugar to the government page 104. Yes, please see the so I just read from the first line regarding the above sub subject these data goodra in it so answer department by seven three bytes. a memorandum dated seven 314 ardens this was not to be secretive. Which is optical. What? Yes You see the fourth line, third line rabuka Manya mansuri crochet goodra. Rogers that is a Cabernet. them not the third that they are not butter. Yep, this is about the Audi 74 de Monte barakato. So on the judgment is four seven. It appears on 17 seven 2013 13 days later, a representation is made that keep sugar factories out of 74 C. Yes, Mr. Joshi, the minute the matter is pending before the High Court. And soon after the decision, a representation is made, that excludes sugar factories from 74 See, complete obstinate attitude of not going by elections under relevancy. And Mr. Johnny knows I am obliged he has taken a chance to great detail to the documents, that self serving documentation is made. And you have taken arasu the entire history from that day till the passing of the order. All documentation by director of sugar not stating the correct facts. I only adopt what he has said. Some of this is the resistance. Now, this goes to the honorable Supreme Court. And please see one observation of the Supreme Court in the judgment which I have already read, that is at page 89 of Mr. Tucker's content compilation 2015 13 sec. Which paragraph 29. Now in this context, that there is an obstinate attitude, and the supreme court also has some reservations. That enough 29 on page internal 416 printed for one six. Yes. Yes, for the reasons stated Supra, they do not find any reason to interfere with the impugned judgment. Now this included the full band judgment, which I read for 730 in order was before the Supreme Court. It is needless to make an observation that the state government and its officers would not or do not give effect to the provisions of the corporate credit act and rules for some time, on account of which some of the societies have challenged the Indian provisions and the rules before the High Court. Even after litigation was concluded by the division bench at one state that state and its officers have not implemented the Indian provision and the rules without any valid reason. The members of The specified societies have a right to elect their representatives to represent them as the managing committee of the board and other alleged parties after deliberation, and therefore, we direct them to see that the impugned provisions and rules must be implemented forthwith, without delay and submit compliance report, they see reservation that the state some officers of the state are also not implementing this provision. This is the background and the Supreme Court says give a compliance report and then not the entire exercise being undertaken etc. At this stage so much as I said, this is the third parameter of manifest arbitrariness which the court may take into account. Then lastly, Mr. So Parker said but your grievance of constituency wise elections, from his two sentences is misconceived, because societies have constituency wise election by law, as First of all, it is much after cracking of the whip, by all codes, that they finally said that all right, the amendments be done to it. the validity of a legislation is not dependent on a circumstance, whether a society has or has not amended its bylaw. the validity of legislation, whether constituency wise representation in one society is assured or not, or all societies assured or not, is no indicator for the validity of the legislation. It is just a circumstance which is left to the society would undergo change next. That is not permanence. A bylaw existing today will not validate a law which says there is no mandate to have constituency by the election. Therefore, it is no answer to say no, no, but we are taking care of it in our bylaws. That's not the point. The point is of a statutory mandate, where the elected body is bound to comply day in and day out. The fact whether one society has or does not are all have or not for the president. It was never voluntary. It was made as a law and implemented much later. If that law goes, you notice what can take it from us. The bylaw ego, there was no by law, the law was imposed, it required enforcement by the Supreme Court. Now there's no but we have amended. So that bar is a completely irrelevant circumstance. And most importantly now, despite this, when the elections are going ahead, despite their losses, considering the matter, intelligence had not expressly granted any state and said subject to etc, no results to be declared the ballot papers indicate as far as the society which we have an extra 16 votes for all. So, this argument of the bylaws taking care of constituency wise representation is misconceived that ballot paper is it in Gujarati? That I have misheard they say yes, it is in Gujarati along with that ABCD compilation the last two yes, these DVDs have never no collusion it will insure on chip SATA yarrabah here until now, the boot file because the draft ballot paper is sent to you buy by WhatsApp also is one of my emails WhatsApp, WhatsApp, WhatsApp, Whatsapp. So what all so my friend may be right I will wait till he elaborated but the bylaws may now provide constituency while the problem is the interpretation is that all members can vote for all costs. Therefore, we come back to the flaw of which there are 10,000 members they will all be voting for 15 seats. That's right and therefore 15 votes in favor of 15%. That means the Supreme Court that amounts to getting 15 boards instead of one will skew that representation because taluka which has more members many candidates how many enough after the heavy weather this summer but as I said That is a factor which may not be relevant for the purpose of testing the validity of the legislation. Even if bylaws in compliance with three eight have got constituencies, it makes no difference. The point is wide, others also have the same thing. Why did you exclude cooperative societies, all specified societies by laws are bound to comply with the mandate of three of constituency. Just because society is also habit is no reason to excluding it is similarly situated on this point, as with all other societies, and that is not the state's point at all. State has not supported the legislation on these grounds. Therefore, according to me, it's irrelevant. I will elaborate if required after Mrs. Obama. So this was I support what Mr. tapper and Mr. Johnny has said now, the provision is clearly arbitrary discriminatory suffers from manifest arbitrariness legally obliged now that is all I have to say about my request my notes to take up below Mr. tacos petition route 5301. theory can we have a five seven minute break and be joined after five seven minutes as my last business you can comprehend all the arguments and you know not to pardon my I may take leave with your permission as you wish to use or not use You was fine 301? Yes. What I just indicate, you know how do I propose to proceed in the metamodel? Hey, Not I, I I intend to read Milan paragraphs but not three to five of my son is under a video. Yes, lots you may find bit taxing but I'd like to read below line by line and that is going to be without my common without FA debate in all the teachers then I propose to take my lords took around the arguments which have been enhanced by all the my liberal friends but not my judgments and distinction of their judgments. So before I do that, well, let me make a roughly two remark to the whole issue. My Lords are well aware below our legislation can be jelly in the validity that off now melotte on three grounds. Down number one lack of competence. A lot of my friends have been kind enough to admit that I do have a competence will no issue arises of debate on that particular aspect that can ground without his violation of any constitutional review that's where the stress is there is a violation of Article 40 I need to explain that there is no violation of Article 40 and the argument is is unreasonable classification. Whatever classification we have made is artificial is not genuine. There is no milada purpose or to be achieved so on and so forth. What I propose to do below it is my lords are a way for testing as to whether article 14 is complied with or not is by linear trends built on. data in detail two things are required to be satisfied with the classification must be based on intelligible differentia which distinguishes entities which have been grouped together from those entities which have been left out. So I need to show today which are these two different loops, how do they differ? and secondary will not that different chair must have a rational Nexus with this object sought to be achieved by quite similar object may not be liked by the other side. In reality are those objects hold the fields are not. Next just is required to be be more appreciated from that point of view. Today, what do we say below? Not when to go go operating society was put in a specified list. I would say this will, it was an odd man out. I've been out in this wild, burning sugar cooperative societies, all the societies which were grouped together under the list of specified cooperative societies, where federal societies will then need to know this distinction law. Now, the Federal society they don't know only different character will be that they would have cooperative societies as members of places, not two places. So this was not the first differential demigod I'm taking that odd man out and put in his his family, where there are 81,000 cooperative societies holding elections flawed, not in accordance with rule three a no these two gentlemen were cited as having a content jurisdiction below. What is wrong if the society is seeking out and giving a lot of free road to build play? Anyway, we're not the first differentiate between Baidu is that this is one is without a group consisting exclusively of federal societies. And the group which is actually really all primary cooperative societies. The entity namely sugar cooperative society, which was an order out in that group has been not relegated to his family. not differentiate number two below. All the specified cooperative societies have a lot of treat here are two tier cooperative credit structure. Let us take an example of a district Cooperative Bank. There is no face body at the street level, at the district level below the district center cooperative banks, then there are plenty cooperative societies at the grassroot level. This three year a two tier credit structure plays a very important role in economic Milan so far as corporate sector is concerned, to their corporate society doesn't have any direct members. There's nothing like indirect membership below the 30 different jameelah and this differential is very important law. Each of the bylaws of each of these sugar cooperative society is functioning today namely 30. The area of operation has nothing to do with a particular village or a district on a Tonka area of operation is radius of 40 kilometers from my factory, which is normally located in the vicinity of sugarcane fields. And I'm concerned with a village or a town or at stake in this 40 kilometers radius in more than villages Can you know it's an address below just factual coincidence below the other cancer with a particular village or a particular taluka or a particular district. Whereas specified cooperative societies from the point of view of that area of operation, they are either confined to the district or confined to the Tonka or confined to the village. such kind of Milan disease or an area of operation is not there in a sugar cooperative society. No one can lose sight of the fact why was sugar body society including law. I'm really distinct judge Bay bilad was dealing with generally as to whether there is anything wrong and bringing section 74 see whether there was something wrong in carrying out a list of specified societies, where sugar over the society was one of the main or constitutes all the while the discussion which has been followed in the judgment is with reference to specified cooperative society as a whole not with reference to individual super cooperative society and past instances which has been read in relay the logic Find the explanations transparency in the election malpractices in the election. Such a language was not then the statement of objective reason. That language was taken from my theory which was filed on behalf of the state government at that particular point of time. Very nothing wrong with it. But that affidavit also said said something more than that. And that was with all sugar cooperative society was included keeping in mind at that time, a subscription made by the state government to the capital of the sugar societies, which was starting from 1978. My mother, Mr. Lucius tried to say that Pitons was given at 20 lakhs or one crore at that time was a big load in the year 1978 you will not find that figure today. And that was the reason for which sugar cooperative society was put in the list of the specified cooperative societies. I quite similar. What was observed by the learner division match was that because of this reason, if the state government is giving What is wrong in allowing the specified societies to be subjected to the rule of the collector the elections can be held and resist turning off nominal accounts without whether there is any rational next just his differentia with this subject or objects are to be achieved by my amendment. Mainly my resources to objects as my loss have taken note of below repeatedly below the expenditure figures of profits were not given a lot to be returned. Because of profit were given that Please don't say this the expenses is not a burden. Societies themselves have been saying consistently right from 2013. Please exclude us please exclude us. That is not a Nexus with the objects not to be achieved because in all other primary cooperative societies I lost without I'll give the list of the relevant point of time a lot. Today we'll look at 1001 56 other primary cooperative societies operating in the state forget about building those housing societies. While everyone's gonna say there are 17,000 housing societies fair enough forget that there are 225 urban cooperative banks and my lords very well I appreciate below. What are choco pretty bang and Sula Cooperative Bank urban banks that combined turnover of these two banks is more than 10,000 crores as against the combined turnover of the sugar globe reduced not exceeding 4000 however, it is only 3800 in one taste, there are 225 urban cooperative banks which are primary cooperative societies in terms of turnover in terms of not only in terms of board members, they are far ahead of Milan de Sousa COVID is right we can make this kind of a comparison Milan there are about 9006 93 large area Multi Purpose cooperative societies below. There are a lot more than 6000 blog credit cooperative societies where elections of all these societies is being conducted not in tune with rule three eight what is what is so wrong. Very sammarco necessary election cannot be held Mr. Joshi read one of the admins in the Supreme Court rule who's supposed to know to their rule was identical like rule three a what we have. If I put somebody in a group of specified cooperative society, for which they specified 92 was afraid. The election is to be governed by that. If you don't belong to that particular list, nobody's coming in seeing there is also a way of conducting election since he is blocked. In many of our non non statutory organisations, like glass and other associations, elections are being held in the same fashion, there is nothing wrong. Cinema submission will not today, second ground, namely classifications unreasonable I will say this on my Lord, that reasons may not be liked by that. But there is a genuine reason for which below classification is based with different to a group, which is very much indistinguishable from the group of specified cooperative societies. And the third ground manifest arbitrariness right now not sufficient, I posed the question below. It's very easy to turn anything manifestly arbitrary. No two judgments have been cited by all sides. I pose a question to myself not why was section two Oh, Muslim senior pastor let was set aside as manifestly arbitrary. The reason is this, the whole act is aiming at preservation of marriage, saving the marital ties. By law, Justice very man observes, unfortunately, section two runs diametrically opposite to the whole law. Section two is the musical. Section two is capricious. Section two is irrational. Why? Because it says you what are three words the lack the lack, the lack of marriage will be broken? No, I tend to reconsider the marriage. And that is our section two was held to be manifestly arbitrary. Do we have that kind of an industry arbitrary? answer is no. The second case, Dr. Singh, Georgia law, what are the facts by law? This is valuable. I appreciate law. Section 377 was struck down why I pose a question to myself. Because what was punishable in case of consenting adults of same sex was not measured under Section 375 in case of consenting adults of different texts. The report saying this is a bushes. This is capricious, that's seven or 377 was struck down as manifestly arbitrary. That's where do I find this kind of obnoxiousness? Nearly because two reasons added by two more reasons in my affidavit are not liked by that. I quite similar argument is expensive on the higher side, maybe an element applicable to other societies also paid off the water, we may try to separate out one more society, What is wrong? fisheries? Do we have a power to do that or not? fisheries Do we have done on some logical gang? No, not my friends are gonna get saved, because they have reached the last point of election, what are the expenses incurred by that? Is it is it five years back answer is no. Today we have incurred expenses highly of 4.5 lakhs in 2050 to the collector's office, we have incurred the expenses of the tax. So what is so wrong? I see earlier also society was incurring expenses, today's also expenses they are incurring, but it was a consistent representation from there and right from 2013 2013 1415 17. And ultimately, it is a legislature which is the film of the people at large in the legislature stick at the stars, what is wrong in it? And I must say a lot more folded hands a lot. bilateral surgery referred to several consequences. It is not a matter of consideration. So for its validity of the legislation discuss somebody tomorrow say that there is a likelihood of abuse Fair enough, then maybe unlikely would belong on that ground and legislation cannot be struck down per se unconstitutional law. Whether there is a modified or not whether there is ulterior motive or not. Whether there are consequences likely to follow which are of disastrous nature, they are not a matter of consideration. Only three points, my competence with a violation of constitutional visa, and whether there is manifestly arbitrary is almost if I pass through this tributaries will not no grounds be available or striking me down. Now with this logic, it just pick up my affidavit everyday evidentiary joinder in 5301. That's why we're ever gonna do lunch. Yes, ma'am, request my last minute. Oh, Mr. Green, you have something to say. You have given us a bird's eye view of the entire submissions that you are likely to advance. And because today's bench is only approved lunchtime 145 quite similar that you have 10 minutes left. So we would like you to start your arguments on Monday at 11. I'll be here and in continuation we'll hear the other side accounts is whether respondents and other petitioners and then we will take up the petitioners counsel in rejoinder All right. So Monday 11 entrepreneurs are not giving tomorrow day after not not giving not available man she's not available. So the bank okay no. And after the holiday I like presently every day looks like a holiday. So loads are not very good to the date. You should use it is not because okay. We are virtually in continuation of yesterday. We have heard shamea Joshi, senior advocate assisted by shape depend decide that counsel for the petitioner en ca triple four nine of 2020 Sri, the arguments of suitable to the learned Advocate General for the state respondents are continuing on Monday, second November 2020 to be taken up at 11am. Further arguments matters we have supplied the additional affidavit also the additional evidence. The additional affidavit filed by Mr. Geography, placements, learn also the parent or the sugar Federation is taken on the court. Not I filed two petitions challenging the order passed by collector ready permission is granted the society sugar societies to conduct the election. Those matters not will come out either tomorrow or on Monday. So you can give the number monetary remedy for both both the matters may be listed on Monday. Filing, filing a motion please. You have the filing numbers. I have the file number for you. I will give it to Mr. Goodwin on those petitions. Yes, we're not collecting the order of collector varying the permissions are granted not all intention is there are six cooperative societies who are issued notification for election till pendency of this petitions, broad kelingking dividers elections may not be conducted by the societies. So we are not wanting any say we're not that the in one in one of the matters brought on 14th August 14 October, he's an out of us made us very near one of the societies Nevada sugar. The directions is given not to declare the results since the elections were under process. He ordered his pass against the Alberta sugar society not to declare the results on other societies, as the election notification has not been declared so far. In some societies in six societies, the notification issue election process has not commenced can be possible. But if the elections are actually in your petition, also Election Day violation of the section 7040 challenge nominee advisors is not challenged and challenging the order of collectors wherein permission is granted or not since single judge has referred the matters before this honorable court palazzina In other cases, my lord said you know, appreciate it for those facts. In sugar in Nevada sugar, the order is passed on 14 October. Mr. Gianni and okayed state that he has filed two petitions which are still in the process of clearance of objections in the registry, however filing number of these petitions have been allotted. It's a myth that these two petitions may also be taken up on Monday along with this group of petitions as similar questions would be involved. The details of the two petitions are as follows number one thank you note calligraphy office to place these two matters also, along with this group of petitions on Monday, protect your luxurious living. Yes, thank you. It made me live below. 

