Please My Lords This is a group of 11 meters there are in fact 12 meters My Lords for granting the benefits of fifth sixth and seventh Pay Commission to the retired class three workers of the Nagar Polycom I was wearing by order of this honorable court. I know what is the mentioned for today you are in a mentioning more or less for revival of the contempt application as per the order of this honorable court wherein time was granted for 10 weeks to consider the benefits of 610 seven day commission fifth commission was granted they were getting about the fourth Pay Commission. Now this court order dated 19th of September 18 of September and granted time of 10 weeks to consider the case as for the sixth and seventh pay commission as confirmed by the advocate the respondents milords not 10 weeks have got a got over my lords in this court had said that liberty to river the application was granted now I have filed the revival applications but my lords they are yet to be circulated My Lords alright so I'm bring I will be sharing the list of the 11 matters might not be the court master. I will be permitted to circulate these matters my loans your mobile application separately. Already mood. One One of 2020 are the numbers that also have been granted but my notes they need to be circulated my notes is about 70 plus years age of senior citizens may not and they are waiting for the benefits of six and seven Pay Commission in the revision of their pension my revival application is to be listed now. It has not been listed so far. It has not been listed our job and give you our application date like OBJ auto mega mega Corp. articling. Ganymede, Callisto. I'll be sharing the numbers with the court masterminds when we think in January. Highly obliged My Lords may I'll be sharing the copy of the list of it the court must remain not shorter. How many times will you repeat that? I'm sorry, my lords the shorter it is a 22nd January is very far my lords because 15 January is a holiday. Yeah, I want a holiday. No, my lord. No. You can I don't want to come. Please let us please Thank you, my lord. Yes, my lord. cord washer informed the registry that Friday's would be like contempt is trial list all the content matters fresh out of the On Fridays in the chicken meta, the case method the ticket method will be same. No logical method. Yes, Mr. metha. My notes May I mentioned? Yes. My notes I'm mentioning for urgent circulation of one IE for tomorrow My Lords in contempt application. No, you're mentioned here is an LPA for 35. mp I was appearing in APA, APA is disposed of. However, the private respondents have filed a contempt application against jamnagar Municipal Corporation, what is the number of the DMCA Milord said MC number is 519 of us. Okay, I have 2020 that's all right there. My mama is not there. However, I'm filing IE in that AMC for my daughter, it is the order of jamnagar Municipal Corporation is that I will be dispossessed from my own land and therefore, I'm requesting for urgent circulation of that IE along with contempt application filed by private respondents by law. So, you want some interim order in a content model? Yes, my loss because I will direction then clarifications might not because what has happened is content has not been disposed of content is not disposed of LP has been decided. LPs decided. But are you because for clarification, because what happens in which order? Because pursuant to pursuant to filing of contempt application jamnagar Municipal Corporation has passed an order whereby I will be dispossessed from my land very well, if the LPA or the red court had decided that you should be dispossessed and the content decided that I should be dispossessed and you challenge that order of the JAMA garnishment Corporation separate proceeding yet challenging that order by subsequent petition but however, it has to be brought on record that in contempt applicants no urgency in this rejected you challenge that order in our civil proceedings that this was the record order and the jamnagar Corporation wrongly misinterpreting it all right. You do come in as do was obliged. Yes. I will tell you all about this. Mr. End Game my mood. Mr. Mike wood that is not here. My name is from Lexus, Mr. Your thin Sony? Yes, my lord. My Lord. It's a group of really it's a group of 31 meters by nine measures are coming on 11 January is the rest of the measures are separated. There is some urgency so I'm requesting the all 31 matters arising from the same judgment and award. malo is a land acquisition matters. Mr. Sony please understand this is a mentioning mode. Alright. Now I am mentioning what circulation because a lot nine betters These are old matters. You don't seek circulation of pin all the matters you have to find a listing application, no. Fresh matters which are not as better yet not admitted. Just my load. Only 2018 matter has not been raised before that whatever minute There was a there was a death of some parties. So, the matter was planning for bringing legal as my rule. So, nine matters now, nine matters are already been notified on 11 January on 11 you make a mention we will have all the matters and list them accordingly always what I'm just requesting, what just my note again I am requesting that we cannot entertain matters in mentioning regarding which are not on the board which are pending matters something which has to come urgently for the first time you can mention that is a mention permissible or on board. Only one more one we need one only one minute followed only one minute well first of all number 2915 2018 2242946 or 2018 lead that may be placed on 11th while other matters are coming on 11 out of 31 made or swallowed there's a gun makers have separated mellowed out of 21 meters 10 meters are coming on 1112 metre was it last time it was my own understand something that mentioning cannot be directed for clubbing matters Oh when I requested the consent bench my load the consent when say that? Yeah, I'll do mention how to get get approval from the honorable Chief Justice want to know this for a first appears to understand before us first of all before that just last time I wrote it was an area mala G is an area that means more than 10 meters when you divide. So, I requested that the rest of it said basically it is a group of 31 meters you have failed to convince the bench to get those buttons connected no sorry rejected that that venture that I chose to recreate the honorable Chief Justice for other matters because the debaters are not only please talk some sense you need to convince the judge that look here these are similar from the same concern code same I load that that power is not with me is power with the chip just use my load because that metal is not the more dead is given value. That's why malo Otherwise, why don't I? Why should I disturb my Lord? He died 11 hours one. And why not a morning? Why not? I did all 11 vendors while I'm to just mention, every time I may not have I will only I'm requesting my load that 10 with one group of metal is separated into two parts. So I'm just requesting other matters because the concern benches that I don't have power. some issues with the Netflix app, they'll be back on some issues with the Internet of vulnerable code. Yes, yes. Hello, Mr. Villani, sir. Yes, yes. No, I'm sorry. But my my difficulties my load my IP cannot use your dictionary doesn't mean that you address the development for a mention of a single jet where you want to clubbing of matters against a single that same model. You could have dv and dv and Benji's model when I requested before that match my load that banks that Ben said that, Tony, you don't have to repeat it. Now then the other option is to file a list application that these are all the matters against this one judgment of the trial court and therefore all these matters may become too simple as I requested him I knew I had to find an application. You want to make everything oral. I will find a note when you find a note before the registry registry registry to be paid before this image, not here. Next, so my my main I just know item number 456-789-1011 1213. All are the same. All are rejected. Last may not. I'm not passing any order these are mentioning board. I am just declining to accept your request. All right. Lots of miss him I know that I have to find necessary know the history before me I'm not saying anything you have to do whatever you feel like doing. I've advised you enough. You charge the fees and you want us to advise you how to proceed. You don't say yes, but very troubling my note then is all right. We are here to take on the troubles don't worry about that. She was not I was like yes, I was enjoying the show. My let's see what there's only laughing at you. Your friend. Either good friend. You deal with him separately when you meet him outside. All right. I will be I will leave with him. Don't even worry. Let him let him. my battery's over now. 41 and 42 minutes today on my lodge board? Yes. 41 and serial number 41 and 42. One might not vote today is a real challenge the Gujarat water and gas pipelines acquisition writer user act. That's the virus we have challenged as being opposed to Article 319 of the Constitution. The honorable court on the earlier occasion 24th of December, on the last working day was pleased to issue notice and pass an order. in that manner. Justice Paddy Villa has been pleased to observe that this act has been upheld in 2005 by the larger bench of this honorable court, which actually factually is slightly below. not correct totally. So I would like to file a review applicant is prepared today is the first returnable date, I informed Mr. The money also in the morning that we will file a review. This matter can be adjourned number one, and number two permission to file review may be granted because my lords will be seized of the matter as to the rooster. So the review will go What is human? Yes, it will go by law before by law Justice Party will and justice was only very well. And today we will adjourn it for four weeks. And in the meantime, you'll find your review will be listed before I just need permission. The only thing is the Internet has been gradually by the honorable bench maybe continued till that. What is the interim order operative yesterday the status quo did this quote in the next day. In the meantime, I'll say in view of the above lead notice be issued to the responders returnable on six 120 21. In the meantime, the responder is the director to maintain status quo as regards a nature character in possession of the lands in question. This is a this I've given a complete compilation of my judgments as well as all the notes I've prepared. You're in entry model is not limited to today. I said I thought I'd let go do me in the meantime, continue very well interpreted in your favor while debating I am obliged to hold on. And my LogMeIn journey by six weeks if it's convenient, not for you not for 812 weeks, as much as many views as you want. Well, there's a similar matter admitted My Lord will have to hear it ultimately whenever might not find a convenient six weeks. obliged. Oh, bless fellows mod Mandel, 41 and 42. What do you want to do again for six weeks? In the meantime, already? I believe. Yes, thank you. Gotcha. All right. Mrs. Review, by the way, you have these three matters were mentioning there are four matters 1719 2120 256 matters Yes, but there is a group of LTL which has been filed against the order under the disqualification act. seven members were disqualified against which a special car was preferred special car was allowed and against which I've filed this LPA has been granted in my favor and matter has been kept on 18 one, but those are difficulties that don't 10 or 11th of this month, fresh notifications will be issued for the elections of the local authorities. If these options can be proposed and heard so that the notification can be issued along with the other Nagar Polly cause and the municipalities which is likely to be issued 11th of this month, as far as I understand, mentioning of matters is for urgent circulation of a fresh matter or an IRA or an MCA right. Now, insofar as pending matters are concerned if there is an urgency you move an application. I have already filed an application today but in light of the urgency and was requested for the mentioning today because of the main matters, I've already filed a civil application for pre pre give the number of their civil application and make a mention again tomorrow day after whenever you have the number of that case whether you want circulation of that application. Please welcome technical lipless Yes, next we have is Mr. Escape tail is gave me the agreement or only to get my opinion let's take a look at Shall we will cover four and four Come on meet him at number three the mme requesting for 90 s other similarly situated methods are placed on 90 This has been circulated earlier some models have been passed notices have been issued not in this particular matter know the Finish button yes my notice has not been issued so far no matter what does matter is not visibility. So 115465 No, this is in 24656 this rather is not be circulated. So far a lot of detail not be circulated 90 water meters are listed at a table but some of these metal was not placed because of some documentation all the objections are removed, but this metal summer was not based on labor only requested other similar methods are placed on 90 This may be placed on 92 where it may come with all been actors may come to that non Collegiate School for cinema three mentioning Birdman 19 Philly is there no of his objections it may be listed on that day and also check if he says he has not not been circulated verify that I'm gonna put everybody to use Mr. Skipper data for me. Mr. Patel is not there who is mentioning goes first of all, to 30 sit means that we are similar when when three deadly model my invitation by the way. When I was in the former senior counsel Mr. metha to log in logic. Shani Mehta is appearing. So yes. We look for the respondents Mr. Joshi will be appearing Nigerians here already. Mr. Mr. Mahesh Joshi would be appearing for as Mr. Joshi is already in the courtroom. Please, please, yes. Miss Gandhi you have been wrongly admitted to the courtroom, you may leave the courtroom and join again when your turn comes already. Somebody is watching the YouTube also piece of the volume or Michelle just said you are watching the YouTube no should we have disconnected? Not sure. There's no no. Instead of me at Chris, that LP a 966 of 2020 be taken up. Six, six, you are for the appellant yes or not. And for the appellant you 1966 to be taken up, yes. Nine 616 specials here 14265 2020. Not all the three appeals are against the interim order 611 2020. were under the arbitration under the msme Act under Section 18 of the msme Act the state we have invoked when my client is an msme. And we had invoked a section 18 of the msme Act. Yesterday, Mr. German candy. Now chip Lord said you have wrongly admitted to the courtroom, you can leave or you can quietly stay with your mic off. You are very welcome back how you come back again. Yes, thank you. Yes, remember that you were going to do this select the learned single judge, while issuing notice has passed an interim order staying the arbitration under the msme Act under Section 80 of the msme Act. On the internet model, and I'll say two things. Number one is that our submission is not that you will not find in the entire order will not a discussion of the three prongs of intimidation, not prima facie case balance of convenience, irreparable injury. And in fact not our cases. We don't know reasons are given without please come to page s. Yes. Because what wait with a lot of single judges not that a neat question of law arises not fair enough. Neat question of law arising in a matter Milord is not always a mandate for granted interim relief. And in this case, interestingly without in this case without the need question of law is decided by almost all High Courts in my favor, where even your Lordships have taken a view on 27 or 24 720 20 in this very matter but not in this for on this very issue that the msme Act arbitration prevails over the arbitration under the ANC act. msme Act is a special act. That is a general act. And there are three notwithstanding clauses in the msme Act. I'll take your october two all these segments. So actually, the question of law, as I understand will not is decided in my favor by our high court, in fact, will not there is as the situation as it prevails today without there is no there is no High Court which really helps them. There is one judgment of 2010 of the Bombay High Court not that they're relying on and another judgment of Microvision, which is by London, single general Bombay High Court relying on that 2010 judgment at the division bench of the Bombay High Court. Now without that judgment, the sole judgment, which the learned single judge has adverted to be not, not if your Lordships can come to our page so that I can just highlight not page s para 4.11. Lots of pieces. Now the interim order was passed after hearing both sides yes or no. Why don't you go back to the Learn center just for a final decision on the petition itself? I would request the court now because this was even even before Justice Party while and justice have already got this. I believe without the court was of the view that your Lordships may take up the specialty as well may not be sufficient is to understand that we're not this is one way, you know, obviously we're not I can go back without the issue is not that the amount of time we will spend on this interim issue. And ultimately, we decided on merits No, but we'll have a formula. Can the court also decide the special seminar because your Lordships have already taken a position or not as far as this issue is concerned? And also we're not I would be giving up the point of interest? Because if your Lordships are of the view that the interim order does give good reasons. Not then Fair enough, you know, because then obviously, you know that can be sent back. But we are defined right on the point that the interim order really discusses nothing. You know, there is no word about the three prongs, because you know, that's what even the Supreme Court has said even your chips have taken a view in lp 1759 of 2019. This very bench will not have in dealing with an injury modern LPA No, no. Mr. Joshi may not agree for a disposal of the special civil application by the agree. Agreed. Agreed. I agree. I can understand very difficult. No, I agree. I agree. Fair enough. That's very fair of me. Please decide if you're using it is different. Your concerns are not one layer below because there are this is a minute our client is an msme minute he can hardly afford not what has happened is not that their arbitration they have requested a single judge to decide your main petition within a month or two months or on the agreed date both of you agree we'll fix a date and the single judge will proceed to decide that matter what is the difficulty but cannot please No. Your energy and time here is going to be seven layer we know that's why we know right? If your Lordships were to decide the special ca more or less better for you. Why are you saving? No No. Mr. McNeil, and I agree I as I have said thrice I agree to your Lordships taking up the matter for final hearing if you are so inclined. Please come to page 369. Not Why do I say? I have no objection. I have no objection if the court takes up the singer specialty replication for call for it and fix it on a date before your Lordships we are agreeable to conducted here or before the single judge which I will not take more time. We will we will obviously be Mr. Joshi. I've learned from him and he will argue responsibly and we'll finish it we weren't far outstripped far outstrip whatever you always said is always very modest. Please come to pay 369. That's that's my request. Because and also may not know if I'm right in my submission or not. Please see the reasoning of the interview. Not that I won. So, Mr. Joshi and Mr. metha give us a great date and we'll finish the matters touchups convenience geologists can call for the repetition and know it's already that Mr. Joshi the papers of the specials here are it can be formally called for because it will have to be very well. Next week 12th 19th wherever 19th would be ideal subject to the court's convenience 19th we have heard Shri Salim Mehta Tina roquette assisted by Shri Arjun set Yes. For the appellant conversely, me here Joshi 13. advocate assisted by Miss militia counsel for the opposite party number three right Mr. Joshi yes yes one and two one is a counsel yes yes exactly not not we're not contesting not so not no need to even issue notice may not be it may be required because one of our cases about procedure Mr. metha so it okay notice can be yeah why do you want notice to No no no, there will be no no no fresh notice required was notice issued? I'm not sure if this was already true. That's why very well notice can be issued no problem. No, because they don't they won't appear they won't be finding a reply. To our formal parties Exactly. I in the Federation, there is some contention about what are the proceedings and what whether conciliation was undertaken or not. So it may be necessary. I'm not at least formal notice maybe it should be we'll proceed. Insofar as one and two are concerned, there must be documented proceedings now, order sheet must have been prepared. Yes. It has been adopted. Please my vote the second record. equate Alright, well, my I think it may be necessary for calling for the record because one of our cases is notices were not served or not in time and consideration had not taken place, etc, right or wrong. We will see if necessary, we will call All right. All right. All right. All right. That's a difficulty in that meetings will not in fact, our two meetings have taken place one to 2020 and 2620. I know. There is some dispute on that if they are required, that's what we'll notice a responsible one and two is not required, as the contesting party is respondent number three only. Both the landed senior counsels agree that this special civil application itself may be heard on merits by the division bench rather than dealing with the interim order passed by the rather than dealing with the correctness of the imprimatur passed by the single judge. According to three let the appearance be listed for final disposal on 19th January 2021. The records of the special civil application may also be called for. Yes, if the matters may retain their position on the board, but otherwise not the largest board is very cluttered, but also there are some 230 times a picture time so that you make a mention we will fix the time or something. If it is not lower in the board. We will take it up at 230 or something and we need to go very well, because Michelle just informs me that notice has already been issued and so so that one and two, also two, so that may be deleted at one and two notices have been shared to went through the tour videos in the LPN. Mr. Joshi. I don't know not in an LPN in the rate in exactly that they've already been. Yeah, so the LP would stand disposed of man. No, no, the LP No, because the men petition No, they do not come together. Alright. Find the space. Yes, exactly. It is going to be hard. Yes. noblesse oblige, sir. Maybe leave us. Season number four is Miss Lucia you're getting to number four also? Same, same, same group. Same. If you're number four also. See yellow. It's a different matter. This is not connected to 101 will be common. One, two and three. Yes. All the tsps This is how I appear for the respondent. Number three. Before I miss Arjuna is there seem funny either getting with Mr. Pandya, you are appearing with perhaps learn it's inadequate. Mr. Mr. What would be appearing roads for hpcl. Number two, Mr. Management is also gearing he is entering probably for bpcl. But I guess those matters where we had called for the report from the district industry center. I don't know it's exactly 10 months since you're watching desired this report. But one of the main main contention is you know, the report has come around you know, my instructions are as far as carlina Agrawal is concerned there is a report which I have called for a As far as Mr. Messrs pronoun or CB agreement is concerned, we have called for documents in the nature of purchase of the vehicles that might today's instructions from the officer in charge is that was there the purchase with Dave Sony's of secondhand vehicles. So we had called for the purchase wills of the workers. We have called for the grace investments. We have called for the balance sheet. And we have called for the fleet list as far as the documents from the petitioners are concerned in the interregnum on account of pandemic, despite the notice being so they were not received that is what my instructions today are. But the moment those documents are submitted to us, we will be able to submit a report before the Lord says within a fortnight minutes we have not submitted the documents over your Lordships order of 16th of March two zero to zero is monitoring my earned economy me to hear you Mr. Julia, on the internet. On the website. They have issued a certificate on 1311 2020. So the grievance regarding that key I have to apply again with the DI C and D IDs to issue us a base certificate. This certificate is on the net on that website on 1311 2020. And they're issued me a certificate. So it might under print is not aware of EGP is not aware of that I shared that certificate with me that they have issued a certificate to me. So the main grievance of my vendor friend, Mr. Bertie is that if I do that tell you me certificate, then they will cancel my order. The tender. The first the certificate is with me now the place I think it is also with Neela. So that grievance is gone. And one more thing I just want to point out to my last year the challenges regarding the notifications. And if I just put it this way that is possible rooster logic the notification needs to be Margo. Now go before the season. Is it very well. Notifications yet season one? I'm sorry, I missed that part. So this was before that again binge only because the notification wasn't too challenging. So according to you, you now have a certificate from the GM big holding that you are falling under this msme category category. Yes, which category It is my friend today. Micro small or medium. And as they say I fall under the micro enterprise as per the your participation according to the provision of msme. Anybody notification number 2119 of 2060. Do you find this document on record and I'll read it that matter to be listed before single judge in the next week. He said I find this document with a shot epidemic. Yes. My notes by me I shared this document on every day. Yes, yes. Next when want to check eg Manipur Mr. To the man, Mr. Bhatia. The request is twofold. Number one, let this come on record number one. If not, she's made this record my objection to the fact that so far as Indian Oil Corporation is concerned the contract was floated in Maharashtra to be performed in Maharashtra and southeastward. No cause of action arises before this record. Now you are finding the cause of action is arising. There is cause the order. But the only request is if you're not sure only record is ultimately let us let it signal that this happened to you raise all your auditions over there. It may be recorded and thereafter launches may not relegate that's a request that we give we have already passed a number of orders in this two petitions which are clubbed together. Some report was required from the gmD IC wanted Mr. Day. That's That's good. That's good. According to miss Acharya and counsel for the petitioner, she has the petitioner has already been provided a certificate of being a micro industry. microenterprise by the DMV I see sometimes in November 2020 Oh my lesson I have got it from the internet on the web portal. The certificate is issued by the Office of the msme. Commissioner Nagi Naga integrated government of Gujarat telecom being a micro enterprise from the competent authority, also let certificate be placed on the court by way of an affidavit for which a week's time is granted. What's next, for the Sri management unit Senior Counsel appearing for the Indian Oil Corporation submits that these petitions are not maintainable. Only only one petitioner and I have a similar objection. Mr. Mr. aseem Pandya Leonard, Senior Counsel appearing in the other matters, submit that these petitions are not made available before the court as the territorial jurisdiction would exclusively lie within the state of Maharashtra, in our case up state of up in our case in the state of Maharashtra and the state of up respecting records. First off, Mr. jharia, has the objection raised? I have no merit. And because of high court has total full jurisdiction to entertain the petition tutorial, do the intro detain the petition. What's up next? these petitions were entertained by the division bench for the reason that there was a challenge to notification issued by the central government. Yes, sir. From this notification, subsequently, in 2020, the such my bills were the challenge the notification jars are now possible while every single digit and it is only those matters where there is a challenge to worries of a statute act or rules. That petition would lie before the division which was accordingly these petitions would now be condemnable violated single that was left before the appropriate bench dealing with such matters on 18 January 2021. That's an intro video. In both the latter segment that may extend the interval we wanted to continue to the next date fixed. All contentions are kept open primacy, what your lordship said it is only the submission made by the learned counsel, that's all said that it is a central government notification, it could be that there is a territorial jurisdiction that is what So, I'm saying that not all this convention delays before the appropriate code is required because the parties are afraid to raise all conventions before the Lenin single jet. It is not my diction Milord my objection or respond number one in serial number four may also be recorded that I have also contended that my the project I mean the project has to be conducted in Uttar Pradesh on behalf of Bharat petroleum if you know I am in a different matter I appear for hpcl environmental company. So territorial jurisdiction will line up Mr. C Pandya and char together saying that the matter rising up Mr. Mani is what is the matter lies in Maharashtra Mumbai 21st 21st 21st is not a 21st is Thursday. I'm sorry. I'm gonna maintain it. Because there are a few very difficult to now leak and that issue that fantasy case in 2014 because so far both are appearing it means is market so yes, yes. 24 six coming into minor The 21st is not Monday, you said you wanted a Monday eating there is some issue with the council's I got dates in advance. So, I have 24 scaly baby pleaser lashes. Next is Mr. Buddha You're my senior the learned goal is to assist your Lordships and Miss Gupta pleadings are complete just to give a background the matter which arises before a dividend because not that I think COVID P is well before your lordship otherwise it is a single does matter. But I think as such your the issues with regard to challenge to a government result resolution, okay. So let me come on is that what is 42? is coming on at 2:30pm is it at 232 30? We'll do that by party Allah, that special bench is hearing this logic Yes, it is that resolution with regard to a determination Yes, where there is a 25% reduction which was met resolution is under challenge our cases it has to be on case to case basis. It can't be a blanket formula for all we are a boarding school we have some permanent staff. Well I will I will demonstrate that for for all every school has to be classified accordingly. You will not put everyone in same category. Yes by one yardstick, they are saying everybody has to only charge 75% of tuition fees but we have certain fixed overhead costs like maintaining buses 100 people are staying at our optimizes, you can always do only the fees they have decided or Everything is there. Everything is there said you can tell anything else only 75% tuition fee so that is a complete misreading of the GR I point out financial statements. I'm not gonna consider on it because this matter relates to COVID 94. So, connect with PL supermoto number 42 of 2020. And list on January 2021. To be taken up at 2:30pm of life value Yes. Now what's next? Next is Mr. Dr. Dr. Levy me just point number six is not five DS every debate but since my senior is here, Melissa, ordinarily she appears for the committee I number six yes sir DSF. It is notified to for two ways but not die. There is some lapse on my partner it seems to escape the attention that I was required to sell through email a lot will be requesting from fresh notice and also Milord, within just a couple of days I'll be making the surface. What does it matter about the matter pertains to load admission in the medical codes. My client is not the overseas citizen of India. And according criminal to the admission committee, I can get admission only in the NRI quota not in the management quota. According to me Milady by virtue of the provisions of the citizenship act, as well as not by virtue of the observations made by this honorable court in earlier melodeon three modern I will be entitled OCI citizen cannot be divested of the right to have the admission in the regular management quota. I have been living in India, I have I'm domiciled in India, I have attained the domicile certificate and otherwise I am eligible. So it was your private went 120 2020 21 Milord, I have provisionally been admitted in the NRI quota initially melotte the communication was that you apply in both the quotas, we will consider looking at your facts that communication is an expert in December 2020. I mean, in the meantime, they did not make any communication. December 2020. They said that you are provisionally admitted in the NRI quota with their optimal time coming to this code below challenging the decision not to give me admission in the management quota may make my submissions will record you have already been given admission under the NRA quota. Yes. Now you don't want that NRA quota admission? No, that is not the point. We're not if we're not I can just invite the attention of Mr. But you all have an admission. I have an admission. In the for the same Medical College we're where you are wanting a management seat Kuta Meridian, any medical college not in the same Medical College melotte. The question is my contention is It is not about any particular college. The contention is being the OCI overseas citizen of India, I should not be made to seek admission only in the NRA quota were under I'll be required to make the payment of hoping some of $20,000 per annum. I am not domiciled in India accept my birth in USA in 2002. Nothing took place in melotte USA since 2000 to three I'm living in India, so only contingent is whichever may be the college melotte I should be allowed to seek admission I should be allowed to have admission in the management quota. We in fact of the matter will be as such covered by I mean not covered. But honorable Karnataka High Court is already recently taken decision in Milord December 2020. With the Karnataka High Court is treating OCI citizens even will not be the citizen or citizens of India. I am only saying even if I'm considered to be equivalent to NRI, then also I'll be getting the admission because nr eyes are entitled to get the admission in the management quota as well. You cannot isolate OCI from a load the management quota. That is the contention. Alright, yes. We are not served, but I'm aware of this issue. This issue analogues has come up before the learned single judge also during vacation. We've put in our short reply Milhaud. The first requirement under Rule four, lots of medical admissions are governed by statutory rules, rules framed under the powers vested under the Act. The rules rule for prescribes eligibility. The first requirement of rule four is you need to be a citizen of India will not for the year 2018 for the first time and for one year alone and exception was made that an OCI who's an audit overseas citizen of India would be permitted by law to seek medical admission in a quota other than the NRI quota. Therefore Milhaud, this honorable court while interpreting the requirement of domiciled past and interim order, a bench headed by honorable justice ready had passed that interim order for one year and applicable for one year alone 2019 the OCI requirement was removed and I will place the relevant rules only a citizen of India if you are an overseas citizen of India, you are considered as an NRI. Now his argument is I may be an NRI. But if an advisor allowed management quota, Why can I not be considered in the management quota, the difference being a matter of fees, NRI fees melotte are on the higher side and management quota fees would be higher than government quota, but lesser than NRI. So therefore, he seeking transposition of his admission from NRI quota to management quota. Today, all medical admissions are over, except I wish but that is a matter with regard to the factual ground scenario. As far as his entitlement, his entitlement comes from statutory rules. Rule four says you need to be a citizen of India for any government quota or management quota, NRI quota by virtue of the citizenship act, you are given that benefit that you may be an OCI card holder, which means an overseas citizen of India, you will be permitted as an NRI will not your is a person who seeks to have an overseas citizenship, born outside the country takes benefits all outside the country. Today comes and says I may be considered at par with the citizen. And the first requirement is you need to be a citizen. A lot of money. I don't want to open the larger issue, but a lot of money is expended on medical admission. If you are not it is meant for our citizen. This event. This is not even about domestic preference or local preferences. This is a matter of statutory rules. You need to be a citizen of India, that requirement of all that enabling provision permitting OC eyes was only for one year in the year 2080, which was immediately removed in the year 2090 and 2020. Also, it is not their rules as they stand today, OCI is not permitted, wasn't permitted last year not permitted this year, that may or may not reply by Friday, the matter may be taken up a lot. The contention here is a lot this particular whenever, yes, whichever is not according to the convenience of the honorable bank. But the contention here is my Milord Nanak senior friend is absolutely right in saying that rules as they stand today may not allow me to get admitted in the manner in the NRI quota. But my challenges to the very rule, because my contention is that particular rule, is it. Is it open for you to challenge the rule after the admission process is over? Without the admission you have deposited fees you have accepted? Now, right, no option I had? No, you should have challenged in the beginning saying that look, here I may be considered under this quota. And this rule may be declared as already. Yes. Before taking admission, correct? Well, what happened was admission if you come and challenge it, then we are not wanting you to challenge it. But what happened was correct. Not absolutely correct. What happened was I needed to you want to take the admission first and then you want to switch over to a quota where the category where there is laserfiche mode? No. Why did you take admission in the NRA caught up in Milord, what happened was already biking to take the honorable code to communications between admission committee and me Well, just just for a moment. You should have filed a petition at the first instance saying that this deletion of this OCI clause from rule four in 2019 is bad. And they should bring it back a lot they initially indicated we will consider your case in the management quota. That would not have considered your case. Until such time that OCI provision was there in the rule. Once the rule provision was deleted, you should have communication melodic, if I can point out their communication Why Why could not challenge earlier melotti in a moment, you're ready. You're ready for an admission fair enough adjustment was to get admission, but most of that admission with the same rules. Look at the conditions of another person. Well, my friend says easiest bullet cities in from lots of other country. She Mullah recently completed 18 years even if she wanted to waive the citizenship the other country she could not have done earlier. After a minute the citizenship Act provides that followed after completion of 18 years I get a time of six months followed today also instructions are they will be even she will be willing to waive the citizenship that is not an issue as far as the factual issue is concerned of your admission this year come back next year after why why I will be entitled as well I have been continuously kept under the impression that we are considering you for management put out there communication will not suddenly it gets changed on third December, not earlier the model logic may see one communication in a moment Milord, will logically see the communication I'll just point out Milord Just a moment. But they say that you will be you make application in both the quarters and we will consider but there's one more aspect I'm not going to I'm sorry, sorry. This 2018 matter is still pending Yes, only an interim order passed. May I just want to point out one fact mode? Yes, the issue Lordships concern might be right melodica today admission process might be invalid completed as far as my factual scenario is concerned. But here Milhaud entertaining my petition will not result in disturbing any of the students because of law rule three see, that says melodious NRI seats will not be our back end, they will be converted in the management voter today they are backend Hello. So it is not that we're not entertaining, my petition will be resulting in Milhaud, curtailing normal or divesting somebody else of he or her or his rights. So that's not going to happen. So that's one question with the learned government that admissions are over. My concern is more that you are taking advantage of the existing rules. And then you want to challenge it after taking admission, which I'm going to say I'm not inclined to encourage. Now this 2018 petition also has a similar issue involved in 2018. petition materially different because the statutory rules are different rule amending the submission rule for included citizen or OCI card holder, which means an overseas citizen of India. So by model amendment of to the statutory amendment to the rules, as duly published and notified in the Gazette, OCI card holders were put at par with citizens. It was for one year alone in 2019. Once again, an amendment was made in the rules and thereby this OCI card holders or overseas citizen of India was deleted from the requirement, which means it was not permitted in the eligibility. So not a lot were OCI card holders eligible and 20 2021 page number 24 may be seen below that will be an answer to her contention well 24 of the paperwork melotte am I with you unquote. How much time do you want to find the reply? I will not take more than three days. Three days you have Mr. Rubbish but rubbish but for the airport should be rubbish but advocate for Mr. Dr. Butter Council for petitioner. Comma Miss Manisha la Kumar done in government Peter, you are bidding for is one number two, one and two, both one and two both. There is no conflict. There is no government with a corresponding number one and two. As you said by Mr. Dave nanyan was hooked up. Yes. Mr. Devaney and Miss Gupta. Michelle plus one is granted. Today six time to live in to file a reply on behalf of the respondent one into petitioner will have two days or three days thereafter to file the under any list this matter in the top 10 cases on 18 January 2021. On 18 January 1999 teen fraud I'm perhaps out of perhaps I'm out of town that's fine no other reason around 22 zero to zero perfect on 22 Grateful Grateful mega getting in the earlier petition, you are counting Mister, but normally I am not the person will not serve appears as far as the obvious when it is listed separately it is listed on 21st of January but before the honorable Gordon invention, since it is 2018 petition should be listed with this method it may be tagged along with this method that will be beneficial to personally connect with remember Guy 11519 of 2018 specialty 115 and nine would be at the corner to the lead counsel for the parties not identical, but similar issues arise in the set petition placement, may I have the liberty to live alone? Yes, grateful I may be permitted to please yes proponents of delay for preferring the IP or the against the order of the limits. What is there in onwards so far is in many iterations and they present the petitioners was terminated orally terminated by the or the respondent company during the list in the labor court was a potent citizen determination order against them the company preferred the reputation before the lenders encourages various lenders imagenet was intended to be an open learning tribunal again they It was pretty hard but somehow in the year 2012 the IP was not entered in on the boundary DLP was not meant to enable the remains in this matter Mr. Diaz Why should you file petitions you have accepted the amount everything is over one round is over. Because of the recovery application was not entity by the recovery application is not there, no input order will be automatically rejected and accepted subsidy for lack of a ways not the maybe no. yourself one lakh rupees. If you want to pursue 33 cd See you then you would not have accepted one lakh rupees, but because, again again that LP was prepared, but he was not entered in when there was no that screws now leaky LCD cable. We are standard counsel for the appellant, delicate on the hill on a single judge after dealing with the complete facts of the case. In paragraph six of the lead was an order recorded that once the petitioner had accepted the lump sum amount of rupees one lakh any subsequent challenge could not be sustained. As no pending rights were left to be adjudicated. We didn't find it informative in the order pathways and single ditch. That concept for the appellant has also not been able to show any purposes. Big no one has disputed the facts as recorded by the learned single digit. Copy legs, but it is accordingly dismissed. It's never been Yes. Next is Mr. Manish Patel and was please Yes Mr. Patel logic This is the matter in which I will challenge the order of the lottery single Judge 27th October 2020 We are committed by the land single Yes, but that is the error because what had happened there was online application form for the appointment of the anganwadi worker have been issued when all over the states same applicable now so far as the might district is concerned, they have fill up the form. Now all the four petitioner who are working as a anganwadi it as a theory dagger that is below step and that has been stated Kay who is having a 10 year experience that when will be given a preference or a priority. Now in the form last particularly para page number 31 of the paper book, one screen shot is there, which indie Good to have you having an experience that experience indicated at 10 years. Only sole issue is there. Am I not having that paper book page number 13 in the SE now, he hrms that is the government now what had happened in Gujarat that has been stated mana ceva ma Giovani Tarik, this was the ohci No, you are not many. How are you agreeing they submitted their applications, the court has already said that you consider their application on merits. That would be certainly my a lot of water have been given all the forms have been fill up online, the process was going on meantime, the application had been filed, when the final outcome of the petition came out at that time our process for considering the forms and rejection or allowing that has been over. Now, what is happening all those matters, the only they're there they are having no sufficient knowledge there is a helpline number they can contact any of the officer in the office, because not the person having a 10 year experience they ought to mention you know having experience of 10 year then automatically form can be accepted. If that is not the consider or not to consider. In fact, why can you take a decision on their application? It is not there what happened online application our process have been over then after the order having that is the reason Now again, you only have to pass in order saying that these applications are likely to be rejected because they don't have the experience finished. That is unnecessary. You have 30 minutes per day learned counsel for the appellant. Leonard single judge has not issued any mandamus to issue appointment to the writ petitioners. It is only required that the application of the petitioners be processed. However, crystallization of for the rights of the petitioners in such process shall be subject to the petitioner establishing their merits and their entitlement and eligibility to be appointed shall be governed by and shall be subject to the norms and rules applicable. As mentioned in paragraph six of the judgment also the appellant the integrated Child Development Officer, and the program officer icds server kata are free to dispose of the applications of the writ petitioners in accordance the law as directed by the learned single judge no rights are being affected of the appellate court. So we do not find any merit in this appeal was accordingly dismissed. Please madam Rossum can take Can I take the view of the month? Yes, thank you. very welcome. Mr. Envy Gandhi. We have only 20 Please vote yes mr. Gandhi, on account of non compliance of the order to carry out to draw the punchnama by the learned port conditional, it has given rise to many application for the learned trial, which is appeasement. In other words, you know, this is absolutely am seeking a fair justice before a court, the court has failed to ensure civil rights of the CTO challenged an order of the Civil Code. No, I'm sorry, the order the am challenged this intricate appeal is arising from the order passed under Section 24 of CPC where my application to transfer the my suit from the port of BGR to any other port in that code district has been rejected by the learned district a proxy. The I'm not guaranteeing any order passed in my suit. I understand if I challenge I prefer an interpreter session 24 proceedings are not civil court proceedings, they are at work 24 hours this is not I'm sorry, notes. It is about to denine fair trial before go to supreme court against the order of a single judge. You can't file an appeal. In my respectful submission, well, I understand it very well. Mr. nowise, you are not new to this provision, you understand it very well. And he will not prevent the level where proceedings before the single judge what I what it is that the appellant would not like to approve the order perspective, but only one line from the honorable court while not entertaining the appeal, because now after dismissal of my SCA, it was difficult for the appellant to face the code. That is my district. It happens every day. So many councils come and tell us how we don't want to hear the matter before your lunch. And then the next matter they are here to argue the matter No, no, no. It is very difficult for the appellant now this one No, no, not at all get one trial, you will you will be put into a witness mark. It is very difficult for him one line that pulling every one year two years of gender. That was a no no, no, I'm not seeking expedite of pattern. What I'm requesting from the honorable court is that good men are influenced by all these things you're inclined and the council there the district level will ensure that the matter is not biased don't get prejudiced by in any way. No, no, no what I'm what I'm only the last time we see the presentation was made to Your Lordship altar to the honorable Chief Justice also. That's my next represent a service the code influencing that is the only thing I bought. For the pushed off the learned single judge at pass in order in a petition under Article 220 608 to 27 of the Constitution of India, arising from an order passed by the civil court also against such an order of the learned single judge no LPA would be maintainable accordingly, this LPA is dismissed as being not meant enable civil applications this was only one word from your Lord secret only once we are holding it not always a question of one word or even one alphabet then there may be permitted to withdraw with a liberty to approach appropriate for against the order passed by the learning survival dog with liberty to avail such a remedy as may be available under law. Please lots, right. Thank you. Yes. You're good Please let's see number 11 before my lords I'm already where am I audible? My logs? Yes, Mr. Mehta Milord. It appears that no proper assistance has been provided by the advocate appearing for the petitioner to the learned single that by law. Another what he has prayed for and to the learned single judge has been already stated by the honorable Supreme Court for a period of one year and that matter is still pending and all the receipts still subsisting. Milord I'm not sure mechanically permit me to read the order of the Lanett single judge at pay page an extra age FFP j artlantis. respective parties through video conference, it is contended by letter after posit petitioner that though, he had approached the RBI respond number to hearing and as per the orders debtors putting file 2018 411 2090 and the inspection report dated 31st March 2018. The same has not been provided even under the RTI act, while I am pausing at DC the RTI application was filed on 12th of February 2020. It is in the paperwork of the writ petition at page 16 my work that So, on 12 February t e s pilot application it is at the time order of the honorable Supreme Court was subsisting against the Reserve Bank of India, the RBI is hereby directed to punish the same to the petitioner. This is the order passed by the legislature it appears that no proper has been provided. Let's remember permit me to sit and destroy. And here's the next page. The next page is an order passed by honorable Supreme Court of India. My Lord made it with my last permission upon hearing that it is order dated 1812 2019. So before one year this order is passing which is subsisting my note, upon hearing the council the Court made the following order inspection reports stock risk assessment reports annual financial inspection reports of the banks including State Bank of India shall not be released by the Reserve Bank of India until further orders when this order is come subsisting in containers still today. And now the matter before the honorable Supreme Court is on second of January in the second week of January 2021. So big as the order passed by the honorable Supreme Court already defeated here is the appellant before my lords is a multi state Cooperative Bank. Yes, Mr. Pandya. What do you have to say? I may have briefed the honorable court about the ground which has been taken by the apple hearing loss on on more than one two counts towards my a CH maintainable and this order is resulting in a CA maybe it is headed on its merits question is on an ex parte motion directing issue. Okay, I may I missed the bank bank had filed a caveat bank was on period bank did appear on that day of the proceeding did not take any such objection did not read the honorable code very well. Wait, please, we can direct the lender single get to decide your matter on merits, but directing that these documents were provided by internal water we will not allow that no no, why not? Give me one one minute, one minutes to satisfy the order produced by the apple and of the honorable FX code will not be applicable to my case for the reason that my matter consists of multi state cooperative societies. It is not under the national banks or or it is not a matter of a commercial bank. Mr. metha also provide all these documents for the lensing is that the single is well. That's it That's all what we are saying. We are not reading it on Reddit. None of that what what my Leonard friend has pleaded before this honorable court by the way is a P is inviting this honorable court to quash and set aside this order passed by the honorable singles again buys a fresh order on your stay application. After hearing the other side of the heart diva nurse never heard even there it is not something that which was ex parte. And this is not applicable. In my respectful submission if your logic mccamley, our multi state cooperative ready for a moment please. I'm so the provision Lords I'm seeking an audit report from RBI and I'm seeking two orders of RBI imposing penalty upon the bank. Now, those those orders are not provided but it was implemented in public domain by the RBI on its website through a press release. So, it is not something which I'm seeking which is concealed or which can which is protected under a fiduciary relationship. I am seeking an audit report which otherwise ought to have been produced by the bank officials in the AGM which has not been produced, it has been suppressed completely from the members of the bank. And today we are faced with a penalty of 600 rupees and miners will see the irony of the case. RBI has been directed to provide these documents to the petition RBI is not my printer let me complete this I did not interrupt in my case is that RBI was has been directed by the learned single just to provide certain documents to me, it is not the RBI who is coming up with with the appeal before this honorable court safety saying that we cannot provide these documents because some order say order is passed by the honorable Supreme Court. Now, in my respectful submission, the order imprimatur of the honorable Supreme Court would not be applicable in my case, for the reason that my case is under a different statute, it is us it is a multi state cooperative society Act, which is which is run by the members of the bank and controlled by the members of the members. I am a shareholder seeking an ecological economy would if just to refresh the memory of the honorable court, not I had come up with I come up earlier with the litigation and appeal before this honorable court. At that time also the same bench had heard me and passed an order directing RBI to decide my representation to look at the order on page 14. My own order own order Phasma dishonorable bench Yes, I've seen a lot of please note that time also, if logica, can you ever look at page 14, categorically recorded and cannot have any objection to this, not what has happened, but I am pleased you are insisting for providing copies of some reports and orders which are of the year 2018 passed in March and May and one order in 2019. This application is filed in February 20. with Mr. Mehta we are having a dialogue with Mr. Pandya, can we have it? Do we please don't Mr. Pandya. You want to the LPA will grant you time to file a reply to the LPA because the material on which the LPA is filed was apparently not where they have to put the little single number fire counterfeiting and supreme court order is no application to the facts of this case and therefore, the order passed by the signatures is right and the ground taken by the appellant his business will grant you time or if you decide this order and send it back to the learning simple justifies a fresh order. After counter affidavit or objections are filed by the appellant choices. There is no point in unnecessarily going into further detail. Do you want to? What can I have an additional suggestion to your watch it what suggestion but either I'm fine with either of it, I would I would humbly request that let this LPA be here. I may file my counter affidavit. In the meantime, the RBI has been directed by the honorable single judge to provide me with this time at state mirror, I'm saying that when we get to that only my suggestion is that instead of saying that order, if I mean if I may pray before this honorable court to direct RBI to submit those documents in a sealed cover before this honorable code, my letter was at the stand whether what is the requirement of this document and why they provided Why should not be provided? And if it is, what it is, why did it happen hearing the other side, there is no difficulty to that no difficulty I will find my counter only request is that RBI may be directed to submit these documents in a sealed call before this honorable code. If I ultimately fail, they may take back that cover letter given by that cover and it may not be disclosed to me. But if I if I succeed in in pursuing this honorable court by by a prima facie case, then that sealed cover can be opened up in it, those documents can be given to those despite my repeated requests, and not even if this appeal is dismissed, you will automatically get all the documents as finished. Please. counsel for the appellant and lead counsel appearing for respondent number one. If you notice two responses number two to six, you're gonna win within four weeks. list on the weekend and the notice. In the meantime, all the respondents will find their counter further orders of this court the effect and operation of the impugned order dated 17 2020 passed by the learned single judge shall remain state was my suggestion we consider calling these papers in silico or at least not let our brand but that is one of us because RBI is not before this honorable court it is the bank because there are no bank officials who are facing the allegation of the fraud. The fraud has been established by the RBI and RBI has imposed penalty of 600 rupees on the bank. The bank officials have accepted that order and have paid off fine notes only request is that if not it will not plagiarize ultimately to anyone. I gave you that option if you want I can take that order on the grounds of opportunity and send it back for passing official order. You don't wish to go anywhere I will. I will I will go with before the single general elections. I will understand this extremely extremely soon. This letter split into P has been preferred by the mehsana you are one Cooperative Bank Limited selling the correctness of the internal motor dated 1720 passed by the learned single digit single judge at the stage of issue of notice gotta be able to furnish the required order then inspection reports submission advanced weather counselor for the applet is that the order pathway learners and we'll get in the teeth of an interim order pass by the Supreme Court. Application number 234 2019. In PC bracket Missy number 91 of 2015 comma Reserve Bank of India was the gente lol and mystery and another 118 December 2019. whereby it had restrained is a bank of India from issuing public releasing inspection reports risk assess Reports annual financial inspection reports of the banks, including State Bank of India, until further orders are submitted that the order of the Supreme Court and other material facts could not be placed before the limited single date. At the time, the interim order was passed on 17 December 2020. Although she is responding, I learned counsel for the respondent number one, I strongly objected to the ground raised by the appellant. As According to 300, the interim order passed by the Supreme Court referred to above will have no application to the practice of the president case. We would recommend, which he also does not dispute that the order dated it in December 2019, passed by the Supreme Court was not placed before the Lansing will ditch its applicability. It's yet to be considered by the single the single day of the market with the agreement of the parties, that this appeal will be finally disposed of. We set aside the order dated 1712 2020. The extended directs by pre merger for furnishing the required documents, it would be open to them single dish to pass fish into the waters. Getting good counsel for the parties. And after a certain period may be required to place before a single date. We are going to deal with these two application as early as possible. Please note My apologies that I interrupted while my lords were having a dialogue with the sideline. Yes. Please by many one I'm deeply of like manner. Yes. That statement of the appellant that this order of the honorable Supreme Court is applicable to this case be recorded in the order of your Lordships. That is the argument that what is limited as far as per case, because there is no statement in the tea that according to them, this order applies through this case to the reputation under this doesn't apply then the question of the order being in the teeth of the order of the Supreme Court. He says you know that is my keynote I mentioned if you don't hear the order carefully, then I mentioned and this milada this personal attacks on advocates is quite unusual because I've seen for the first time from a senior life meta ledger on on affidavit they are saying that I did not give proper assistance to the honorable court. And that is currently a bargain before the honorable court will be just thrown on the board to deal with the lawyers now. We are learning and you would learn till the last time but such such comments usually should be not made on accident. This is being said something on public means me Here's your money. Yes please I will feel obliged if I may be permitted to withdraw here. No no not for the purpose of joy. We will impose costs on you know, I'm sorry. in the waiting room on my laptop if I maybe milada joined from my talk. I will feel comfortable and feel good to you you ever connected to another source? Yes me lots right now. Milady it is through my mobile phone. But I'm kept waiting from my laptop milada if I'm in the middle of the court, perhaps it's the time for the court to rise Milord. As I can see from the background. up you have connected to another laptop you will not have been wait yes I have been I am connected since 12pm. Milord. Which name will not possibly it may be because I'm using my wife's laptop that might be canon. canons, yoga and wellness in the Lord's work with a mother. Certainly Milord's I will definitely die but I don't know whether she might be able to convince your audience or not. You are not able to convince us for sure she might have just presented on the ground the word missing and rightly this was your your your losses would be definitely missed me not after your losses gives me an opportunity to convince that after the melot bench resume after lunch, maybe very well organized. I feel like we are live we lots to 30 miles please, please Did you lose one yes whereas directed by logic yesterday without even my authority with the commission notes I had spoken to him yesterday he's on standby but this will this is not going to carry go further on account of some developments which took place yesterday will still assist you Lord says but I have as directed by Lordships. This was brought to the notice of the I used to authority rather the number one and to subject to what my friends have to say he's on standby notes if required will assist your Lordships minutes But, to add to that, I would say that just no I have received the order whereby it has been decided to revoke the orders of non compliance and now compliance order they have already been passed or I have got that if the honorable court permits the data has already been passed by ch O, or it will be communicated in due course, fees or as required under statutory provision probability have not been paid. So, it will be required to be paid after completing a formality things will be set right. Order has already been passed and before that, as per the director of the honorable court, CH O is available at present, and he's attending the video conferencing. So, cause does not survive now. Mr. Rosa, after fire, they acquitted in 2015. This responded three, as per the advice of respond to is taken to time and again against the judgment they pass in order. Now, because of the contempt, they're coming over to reverse the order, we are passive order number code this means also in by proceeding have also observed that we are inclined to dismiss this is an imposing heavy cost, defined and burden attitude of the applicant. The applicant before the event was number three. Mazda says respect what is being submitted not. I had personally spoken to the respondent number two things were brought to his notice. Appropriate instructions are then forwarded. And we're not since appropriate government, as I had indicated yesterday is an independent authority under the Act. But nonetheless, we're not to my commission we're not I have personally spoken to the seriousness of the matter was indicated to the commissioner, and thereafter minutes today I'm in in fact the law officer has sent me an order passed by the appropriate authority in compliance of the order passed by the learned single judge and then confirmed by the honorable division bench. If required, if my lords permit minutes, I may immediately send the order to Mr. pratiquement, who will then share it with the honorable court. I will not take more than a minute to place that order for the largest producer mothers and fathers, whatever language or English it is in 100. But I i'm sure Mr. received that order notes. If not I can share it with you also immediately reloads my plan does not receive the applicant is not received yet this has been recently passed. And lots of distances. Yesterday, Ronnie and Mr. Nicholas Shah. Yes, sir. Both of you to file the respective affidavits of your clients. We shall placing on record your defense whatever you want to say. No, no, we are not. We are not finding any evidence for defending we are only with an unconditional apology. If you are not you may not be defending the action. You may not be contesting the contempt proceedings, you may be kind of submitting an unconditional apology. My Lord I want on record an affidavit my lord whatever you want to say that will be done it to me also to file his affidavit personal affidavit stating whatever he wants to say, after receipt of the order of the learned single judge was in 2019 what steps were taken by him and at what stage? let him explain everything like come on record. My notes, Mr. Chairman, how much time to file the affidavit America's next week? Next week very large in the day may certainly advance copies are right yes. They will serve in advance copy to you always. Each and every copy has been solved even though caveat was not. I can I can I can give Why not say there is nothing to be gained for that. Now. Of course. After Muller has taken seriously the matter you are now Okay, let us name of your appropriate authority. Dr. aka aviar aka Tommy yard, he's up on the screen. Yes. How do you spell his name? Pardon? How do you spell his name TB on T A v? Yes. I i y ad y ad. Have you ready? He's CDH Oh, and appropriate. In Charge CD h o and appropriate alternity under PCP mdtf Don't bother and appropriate authority and the BMP VBA. Lucky pursuant to order dated five 120 21 opposite party number three Dr. AKA Tavi are in charge c d h o bound and also the appropriate authority. Under the PNP DT I can put an under Diego clinical diagnostic test is present through videoconferencing. What's next at the outset, Shree Darwish diva Milordi DGP for the opposite party number one and actually, Nick Nick sharp council representing the opposite party number three, as stated that in compliance to the directions issued by the judge the judgment and order dd 200 792 1019. As confirmed by the division bench B has since been passed today, today have been passed today. The same would be communicated to the applicant in due course. And further steps will be taken accordingly. counsel for the applicant submits that he has not received a copy of the set order nor has any set of instructions from his bank. next paragraph the facts and circumstances of the case requires the opposite party number two to file an affidavit placing on the court a copy of the order passed to this or that we required the opposite party number three doctors aviat also to file an affidavit in response to the notice and placing all such material and explanation that he may have to offer with regard to the compliance of the the admin of the date it will be 792 1019 for the parties is paid for a week's time to file the appropriate activities. We said affidavits be filed on just just with the permission of the owner what because Mr. Cha target is there they are at present as the will rule the court is aware a little preoccupied with the vaccine and some of COVID and related aspects. So if he wants later more time me I asked her in presence of Dr. Tanya apna Amati Parvati is so sad that I need to say sorry, Nicola because we are converting language some blockchain it don't surprise me son of the honorable court. May I use my phone to ring him up? Ah, yes. I'm not hearing I don't know what is the problem there are mic and mute mute so that you can make your private conversation with your client. That is nothing. I have just said what he will whether he will require any further time because of preoccupation of COVID vaccine only. That's it. Hello I'm Nicole Adriano de Otto kozani cuchillo Okay, I'm Nikki I have a recorder pasado j k affidavit file kawanishi when the snow days are over in order Pascoe a patchy Abra Su Su karneval curry a an apple j k was to Nick Effie David kawanishi every day with the kawamata applicator time use a wiki due to converging on a really cool relaxing ma cannot or preoccupied as a camera Commissioner abudhabi can occupy Saturday April when he says sushi Qatari Capella fine curry sekisui xoxo so how open the program is no one should be you can cause any are a Greek does the usrds does the IRS get lawyers 10 days does the IRS okay okay sorry. Oh God can I request courage okay does the borrower poke and display be granted before 18 January 2021. copy of the same may be served on to the Rosa land Council for the applicant on our resource net matter be listed on 22nd January 2021. on the docket Avi and will again remain present through videoconference matter to be taken up at 11am if it is convenient at 230 so that a morning what little bit can be coded that's only request variable 232 30 only applies deeply ovalized maybe leave yes I will I've also played a little bit okay cool. So now we have in the show notes of Dr. Taggart income so that since I live yet live loads I know you can request him to leave the session notice on the screen allows me to please guys Mikey I'm grateful mister the window shop? Yes. My matter is going on in the multiple second quarter we got better your losses may permit me to address your losses, not me. But that was the reason that I was using my wife's laptop. The other side is addressing the honorable code Miller in the meanwhile, I may address your lawsuit since you know the issue it is below in this petition in this appeal without the respondent number three your losses will be pleased to see Milady respondent number four is a cooperative housing Society of which I'm a member. Right. And the issue is regarding the Lord the admission of the respondent number three as a member of the society I'm allowed to eliminate single jersey as a Milord in dismiss, eliminate my petition by stating that there is an alternative remedy. In fact, in my respectful submission with respect to the London single Milord, no such alternative remedies there and I would convince your Lordships on that lot to simulate I am in my demo. Now, Shanti Nagar flats cooperating housing society is a society registered under the society's Registration Act logically says, you are a member of the society, your simplices are made by pro Buddha devala has been inducted into the society as a member yes Milord city shown by the society that he has been admitted as a member in my place in your you have been replaced? Yes, Milord. at the library, you have been thrown out and he has been mad. Now you are aggrieved by both the decisions of your exclusion and his inclusion. You'll want to see me Lord kindly turn to Section 11 of the Buddha cooperative societies have reproduced page B apply memo P. Kindly Have a look at section 11 of the future cooperative societies is HB x n 11 the power of register to decide certain questions, then any question arises whether for the purpose of the formation or registration or continuance of a society that is one eventuality or the admission of a person as a member of a society under the said, I have not done I emphasize why a person is an agriculturist. That is not relevant. So we're not based to them, there is a question which is arising as the admission of a person as a member of a society under the cooperative societies act, we will not declension is to be decided by the register. Now in this particular, this particular facts of this case, Colossus would be pleased to see that I'm in my place. It is shown that the respondent number three has replaced me as a member of the society and the society is he showing that he is indebted or he's admitted as a member in my case. Now, I'm not coming to know about this. I made a complaint before the district register below the district register is a party here as respondent number two. Now the district registered Milord after going deeply into the question, and he has opined that, yes, the provisions of the Gujarat cooperative societies act were particularly section 22, subsection two, section 24. subsection two and The Diviners of the society have not been looking to and by ignoring that, and by also by ignoring the fact that there is no register in favor of the respondent number three, Milord's he has been inducted wrongly as a member in my case, he directed the society to correct its mistakes, and then in turn to intimate now that order of the district register was challenged by way of revision under Section 155. Before the additional register appeals by the respondent number three. Now, the respondent, the respondent, one additional register appears. In fact, it seems to be a very long disorder. But what he has done is that he has nearly reproduced the pleadings of both the sides, and in a cursory manner. He has set aside the order of the district register in its entirety, by holding that no provision has been mentioned under what rule is on the district register as exercises powers. And thereby, the revision application has been entirely allowed in total Milord, and the lottery has been set aside by the additional register. I prefer the petition because the additional register exercises regional powers under Section 155 of the cooperative societies act right now, if I want to access this order, there is no other scope left for me except by knocking the doors of this honorable court by filing a petition under Article 226 of the Constitution of India, and which I did was I filed a petition, the with utmost respect to the honorable single judge Milord, the Honorable single judge says that there is an alternate remedy by approaching the board of nominees. And across to understand Milord, how could we not because we know there are two different jurisdictions or losses mechanically similar. There are two different jurisdictions. provided under the Act the odd one is of the machinery of the district register in hierarchy, it is before the additional register and then we are coming to this honorable code. The other is under Section 96 before the board of nominees will not against that will not an appeal or reason before the cooperative and then coming to this honorable court Milord if your losses metallocene below section 155 of the Act Milord, the revisional jurisdiction of the the additional discharge. Now, there is no remedy asserts which has been read into by the honorable sinkers as with respect to to not what he is reading that there is a here as if I would be filing a suit under Section 96 as selling the order of the additional register that is not competent that is not permissible under the law. The law says may be pleased to see me Lord deploys us without quoting from page D of my demo Milord Mary Mary comes in he wants to be out and are just meant to pass I guess one piece alone against this outstanding law okay why that can't be done according to you might think that he wants to be OTS was a particular video about now might mute me extremely sorry, Milord's commute gotta get me I'm sorry. First coordinamento challenge 73rd Gen Con Damn it. Thank you to leave everything the shidler counsel for the appellant admission notice they're done with six weeks please to the losses and not for the sake of reputation I would Milady since your losses have appreciated milada the contention could formula I feel that I could convince your losses is your job. That is what you are paid for. My Lords and Lords may limit your losses permission. Yes, please. My name is Margaret Taylor. Yes, please. Am I audible? Yes. So this happens to be a later split into php file for challenging answer two questions. One before the single jest counter was filed by the state of not, no, no, no. Oh, you have yourself an advanced copy of the appeal of the state. Please, you're lucky. You have so good. So my clerk has instructed me as an advance copy my knowledge. Anyway, I'll present South Korea and Bobby, I will coordinate I will go do it. I will provide you a fresh copy. And I will grant you 10 days time to open instructional file counter if you want to buy lots and then we'll post this matter on top of the board after 1015 days. It will be done. Heard Sheree Neal the way that counsel for the appellant should be the entry there which they run in London. She then we will provide a complete set of the paperwork of the appeal to should be the learning today Excel Mr. Villani may update instructions in the matter and file counter if necessary, within 10 days since the matter relates to retention and the appellant is in detention since March 2020. Junior rajib 627-620-2076 2020. No further time will be granted to the state. I'll encounter a bit of it the top 10 cases on January 2021. microbladed. Can we do respect to merely Yes Mr. cotesia Mr. Pichai is not there in the waiting room. My inflict I these papers we are not able to locate I in fact in circuit my office to find the advance copies of the board indicates some difficulty I will not get the papers today but dinner presents a request for a day or two. But she is not there in the waiting room as of now. Do you have any instructions could muster one Miss booty shy? No instruction. Let her pass order it'll pick up the next year. Later. Mr. Saurabh Mehta. That is item number 14. Please welcome the appellant before my lords was appointed as the assistant registrar, human when he was on probation, his services for him to be terminated. And the order was now you share that regular proceedings ought to have been drawn. Yes below under the appeal rules, right. As for the as for the judgment and order delivered by dishonorable court, he later split an appeal number 1596 of nine. Well, now 596 and 1597 judgment has been taken to Supreme Court according to Mr. Devaney, he was mentioning yesterday. Yes, we're not but since it is not decided. I'm relying upon the sage judgment because yesterday Mr. Walker The matter is coming up on 11 Wireless and all the main original matter yoga Chima please not bilasa T. We will have this matter after 11/18 visit me. No, no. Yes. We have virtually sort of meta learner counsel for the appellant and she Darwish, the ronnie Bennett EP for the state up to pass copy henskee I get it for Mr. Man, this will provide a copy please note. They're done within 24 hours upon a dividend arrangement of this co 24 July 2020 parging repeat number 1596 and 1597 of 2019. will stop according to see the money. The state has carried the matter to the Supreme Court. And the SLP is now fixed for 11th January 2021. On his request, let this appeal be listed on 18th January 2021. One of you who does have a word and that is my client is a small client he cannot afford the luxury litigation of Supreme Court mainly with the permission of the court. Yes, thank you. Yes. Yes. Yes, yes. I am seeing Phase One. folks do not safmarine am I audible now? Milady you better Yes. Hey, I'm seeking some time on behalf of Mr. marks a video How much time do you want? One week? offer? My daughter a device she my daughter advocate. for Mr. marks. Yes. That's great for a gentleman. Let's list after one week blamed me loads we are taking up the bottle of whiskey Tisha. Number 30. Yes, this is regarding civil application. I've already filed one spatial civil application. Not the petitioners lands have been acquired under the land acquisition act at the relevant point of time. In the year 86. Those land acquisition proceedings came to be challenged before this honorable court. And then the litigation reached up to the honorable Supreme Court of India. I just take my loss to the order which has been passed by the honorable Supreme Court page 48. In the beam petition Mila No, nothing has been filed Milady. and thereafter, because we our cases that we are still in the actual physical possession of the lights. During this period, after my lords have issued notice melotte they have started putting up construction of compound wall around the face of two petitioners. And therefore by way of civil application, we have approached to this honorable court by saying that the main matter is pending. Because the honorable Supreme Court the state government has agreed that we will give 50 percentage extent of the lands which had been acquired to the present petitioners within the radius of 10 kilometers. Now that has also not been given to the petitioner Steve, where is that commitment of the state government? Yes, not that in Maine petition page number 48. Are you spatially granted or learned counsel for the parties, it is agreed that the state of Gujarat would provide 50% extent of land to each of the appellants calculated on the basis of the land acquired from each of them, such land should be cultivable and certified by the district agriculture officer to be such and the land should not be located at the distance beyond 10 kilometers of the limit of the submerged area of the dam, the appeal is accordingly disposed off this may not be treated as a precedent no cost. Now, after that also may not be have continued to be in the physical possession of the lens in question, nothing has been done. Not even they have fulfilled their commitment which has been given before the honorable Supreme Court we have not been offered any alternative land and as per our milada information, in fact, no such land is available at present with the state government. So they are not in a position to offer any such land which is which they have agreed before the honorable Supreme Court of India. And we have come before this honorable court Milady three fold prayers that they have not obeyed their undertaking or the agree arrangement which has been arrived at before the honorable Supreme Court. As we have not been offered any land so far, secondly, Mila we have also filed a petition on the ground that the land acquisition proceedings should be held to be lapsed on the ground, that the because the physical actual physical possession has also not been taken over, and neither the compensation has been paid, but now, a lot that law has been modified to the extent but the fact remains that the actual physical possession has not been taken from us, because we have on record compensation has been deposited, it has been deposited in the Treasury that's good. Now, but then again below that would that would not come because they have agreed if my lords may kindly appreciate that that all had gone because they were honorable Supreme Court that situation will come only when you will get the land and then they are not offering then they will be in contempt of the supreme court order. And I understand a lot I completely completely understand a lot but at present I am before the honorable court seeking milada protection of my rights that they have not not taken over the actual physical possession of the lines because we have shown everything and pre placed on record the document showing that we are doing is the order passed by the Supreme Court will be binding on both the sides please, right? Yes, but not there is not a single notice. Yeah, I understand what if there is if it is their case that we have not parted with the actual physical possession then it's a completely different matter. So our own case, nothing will or they have remained or dormant they have did they did nothing after the order of the honorable Supreme Court. They have continued us to be in the possession of our lands. Now they want me Lord the possession we are ready to part with the same lot we don't have any objection but they have to give us a lot that 50% of the land within the radius of 10 kilometers We are ready absolutely because we have agreed for a very bird's eye view for the state ballots these other papers unfortunately I have not received from the office but I nonetheless not only a week's time I see too that my responses there before your last response yes 24th February 2020 we had issued notices my dog at that time Mr. JK Shannon a DB was appearing status one is our one to eight and number nine is me University for which Milla now they want to utilize the land in question. It's this be someone that rival University you're talking about some damn and all our damn grandpa's ob land. Okay. Damn Kelly Mr. Lee, then they abandoned everything they did not utilize it for the purpose for me the same was acquired. Purpose. Yes. Know, maybe if I said this was my order dated 24th February 2020. Time was granted to the respondents to file their counter affidavit. Indeed, no counter affidavit has been filed. Today, Miss Lutetia than it counsel for the petitioners have pressed for interim relief, wide civil application number one of 2020. And, according to her is now that the respondents trying to take physical possession and waste constructions over the land of the petitioners just wait for an interim direction restraining restraining the respondent from interfering in the position of the petitioners on the other entry of Mr. Ronnie Donna DGP has prayed for only a week's accommodation and taking benefit of the the service costs during the COVID-19 period. We said that his file is not available by law. But I'm leading mine by next week it will be done not to say that there's some difficult topic. I'll wait It's time to buy the Black Panther beats them. Next time they do COVID take instructions as to what steps the state of making with regard to the undertaking given before the Supreme Court as recorded in the order of the Supreme Court, dated 11th April 1988. Record recommended page 48 of the paper book of the special civil application does matter be listed in the top of cases on January in January, please will not wait for to my last I may be permitted to leave will not allow. Please. Next, anybody, buddy? Shall I start while we cannot see you? Yes, my lord. Yes. No, no, no. It's my honor. to somehow no no loss if this is the matter in identical three matters. Ah, these are his past and order. And all those three matters had been admitted by this honorable court. Last time this man won one of the meta was listed before this honorable court on May 23. December 2020. Very Jeffrey's new segment comprensivo by the Milord justice GB party Allah ordered to admit LP number 842843835. To 843835835, of these arising of the same order of 20 2020 Yes, yes. This needs to be corrected with these three and edited Yes, my lord, but my only request is my Lord. This is have already been admitted by this honorable court but he has not. And as a matter of fact, Milord, all these Appalachians have been working since more than 15 years my lord on 15 under salary. Three matters have been admitted without fixing a date for hearing Yes, Manon. Now this for the appeal cannot become a listing application for those three appeals. So, we will admit this appeal connected and then you move and appropriate application for only listing or only hearing of the matter we will do that. Alright. Nobody hurt Shri Mahesh Parikh planning counsel for the appellant at issue notice, connect with LP number 842843835 of 2020. Thank you Mr. Buddy. Can I can I make one only application because these three matters arising of the same order my Lord so that you I have connected? Yes, my lord. Yes. Therefore I can I now in future model if I want to leech this metaphor on leering a lot. Can I make only civil application of this for me? Yes, possibly, Lord. I'm obliged. mobilize the lumen. Yes, I am obliged dp governance. Now, Mr. MC Yesterday my lord has Malawi issued notice in this same issue with the section 28 A of the land acquisition Act. The it has been rejected on the ground that section four not prior to not yesterday, what is the number of that case? It was item number four bonding. I'll just give the number of knots it's it's 1515672 sC 15612 no no this is 154 double seven yes 11154 double seven. Yes. There are three major sports and one was yesterday one as compared to the third 1/3 one has been made returnable on 18 lots 18th of January rule has been noticed a student that is not very honorable mister mister says was pretty busy. Right connect with the car number 154, double seven of 2020. archery mm side, learned counsel for the petitioner without getting for the state exam appearing to be perfect learned a gap for the audience on advanced. One of the students responded within three weeks, three weeks list after three weeks date with a Jacob if I may request these phases, if the reply If required, but because this is essentially what is the impact that excellence is rejected by the authority solely interpreting there is dead sections in Section four notification prior to this product choice is yours. You don't want to file a counter you make a statement that we are not filing counter. We would like to argue the matter. The only legal question we will hear you leaving I'm obliged. Yes, yes. Next is deepish. Shire. Khushboo Chaya, the big funds and money at the Brooklyn continue on to Queen we should think cinema 18 and 19. Your Lordship, the applicant counsel is not here. yet. Something to say you are what the opposite party legal on ship. I'm for the dismount. Number one that is Chief Officer of the radhanagar baliga lordship compliance. It's all around 90% order is complied with your lordship The only thing which is need to be taken into consideration is regarding the amount of graduate Your Lordship we have already paid the amount of gratuity to all the applicants a lordship, but according to them, the amount should be much higher on a higher side Your Lordship. So, we will we will pay them Your Lordship there is no difficulty, but sometime will be required to pay that that UT amount Your Lordship and another thing is your lordship that they are requesting for lordship but as per the resolution which was passed by the Gujarat government, your Lordships they are not entitled for the pension Your Lordship so I need to file the affidavit for the same none of the tires are there because the links are not received by SMS or lordship that's the difficulty. Link has been sent regularly on please rockchip you are telling how have you are you know that PDF boards contains the link Your Lordship I have joined through that PDF body a lot of you will link everyone is seen in the waiting room. They may not be able to lucky The matter is called out counsel for the applicant is not present should be put content Danny Garcia appearing for opposite party number one is present. Please election my chief officer is also present Your Lordship because his present is not dispense with your lordship. Alone along with his team officer in charge is obviously lordship grant. Mr. g either way. Yes, Your Honor. We must be in the waiting room. Elijah Nagar palika, please lordship. What is his name? Oh, gee, I the way Your Lordship Should we do this? What's our content any place for an advantage? Three weeks time to America four weeks a lot of the four weeks time was full compliance of the the advent of the red court. And I also need to file one FTD video also regarding the pension and affidavit contesting the claim of pension. Please watch it. List after four weeks. What's the matter of cinema 18 and 19 year old England or Sri content Danny has further submitted that 90% of the compliance has since been made only 10%. regard to the graduating amount, gratuity amount and pension aspect a lot. But we are contesting that they are not entitled for a pension pension aspect ticket, please watch the personal appearance of the opposite party of the opposite party number one to remain present on the next date to continue for the next day. However, after considering the further affidavits that will be filed by the next day. This question of further appearance would be considered please. Yes, please, legally obliged. Please. meilleur. That's just one word. Either don't turn 26 November 2021. Detailed order is already passed by logs that is yet to be complied. And still today rails got complex. So my respectful submission is my Lord. That both is better. Maybe these first go by directly then to implement this order dated 26th November 2020. It has set periods and my my lord cope. What by right to revise the same if not complaint? Mr. You are Mr. Chaya? Yes, ma'am. Now, Mr. Canton Danny was here and he has sought for weeks time. And according to him, all amounts have been paid except gratuity and pension. So since that's not just listen to us, oh, sorry. And he said that gradually would be paid within a short period within 1520 days. And insofar as pension is concerned, he is contesting that you are not entitled for pension. So he will be filing an affidavit. So we have granted him four weeks time and some data is fixed. So matter will come up on the next day to inform us what is the progress and we will accordingly take a final decision. Alright. So it may or may permit to say something. Order has already been passed. You are not here in the first round. We were waiting for you. Not only presence order the absence code which no one has been Mr. Condon nanny whatever you call her counsel for the parties. May we have a live? Yes. Yes, Mr. Yes. What is this matter? mic and mute. cavalry. Sorry last time in this matter the order was Pastor 3320 directing density, pass appropriate order. And I had already sent a copy to Mr. Siddhartha DeRay. On 3322 passes the order that at the next meeting or the case of the petitioner institution be taken up and the orders will be passed as per the order of the learned single judge. Now, in spite of this order, l today in the meeting, no decision is taken. Coming to the meeting is there on ninth Milord my instructions is mirrored that DC appropriation will be taken on 9919 modera meeting of WRC Milord University. Except the results are first year despite our order dated 13th March 2020. Oh my according to Miss viostor counsel for the applicant till date no decision has been taken. she's learned counsel for the opposite party submits upon instruction that the next meeting of the Western Regional committee of the NCT it should do for ninth 10th January 2021. And in the second meeting, a decision will be taken in the present matter also further submitted by him that on account of COVID-19 condition, the meetings were delayed let this matter be listed on 22nd January 2021. By the set date an appropriate affidavit may be filed by the opposite party placing on record the decision that may be taken in the meeting speaks for ninth and 10th January 21. Please make sure to file an affidavit and praise our decision I will file a PDF I am obliged magic Jamie and yogena core logic logic This is a contempt petition for non compliance of Wet Wet Wet with Mr. yogena Tiger appears for the respondent yes let him also join and then you can start your argument Lord, please your Lordships. I have the instructions to appear for the response number two Lordships. Yesterday I file an affidavit thoughts with regard to compliance of the order Lordships and their torito certificate is also received by the applicant Lordships yesterday in the evening, Lordships. Lots and lots of I agree subsequently after the issuance of notice in the contempt petition. They have in the last couple of days complied with the order of this court. But I'm requesting my then honorable court to hear me for a couple of minutes by racing for Why do you want to argue judge I'm pressing for example because lots of my Good lord Smith just permit me to read the observations of this court prior to passing of the order which is not complied. They have repeatedly blatantly ignored the orders of this court. This court has made shocking observations. And despite their two after the order of this court, firstly, they in writing reject to comply with the order of this code. Only after the notice is issued in the contempt petition, they have complied with the order of this court. If the court would permit me, I would read phase number 18 direction first. I will take the take the code the observations later on the directions page at paragraph 26. I'm satisfied with the document or evidence produced by the petitioner as well as the PDF file by the mother of the petitioner. The current date of birth of the petitioner is 28 for 1976 the Indian order passed by the respondent number three dated 16 170. This year by court and set aside, the respondent number three is hereby directed to make fresh and make necessary correction in the register of birth on the basis of evidence from the mother of the petitioner, as well as other documentary evidence is produced by the petitioner before the court and issue a new birth certificate showing the date of the birth of petitioner is 28 for 1976 despite a clear direction to issue a fresh certificate on my application after this order, the respondent by letter dated 31 March 2028. Page Number 21 refuses to issue fresh certificate I need at page 22. Now, the last two lines, yes, it is not just one single isolated instance. Page Number 22. Number last two lines Nanda Chuka demo genma Tarik sundara Baba the first leg curl at gap jazz will be up a Monet, Mangal puja junagarh Gatsby apne g Dr. Karma ma vie translate logic it says that the order of the honorable eyeball does not discuss regarding the issuance of press certificate and we will not provide fresh certificate till you give us necessary evidences, despite the court this honorable vote on merits holding it I have provided necessary evidence is the respondent by this letter says that I have failed to provide and because of my failure, he will not issue press certificate. Then whatever logic, this is the integration of sheer disregard blatant disregard to the order of this court. And I will also take the honorable go to the observations made at page number 14 and 15. Yes. This is in the order which was supposed to be complied page number 14 paragraph number 9120. Yes, page 14 better 90. This is a third round of litigation. The petitioner has approached before the respondent authority for correction of Date of Birth for three times. It is shocking that don't two occasions this court directed the response and authority to consider the application made by the petitioner for correction of freedom on the basis of documents produced before this quote. That is point number three authority has reiterated the same refusal by rejecting the application for correction of Date of Birth of the petitioner. This court has time and again observed that the respondents are taking casual approach resulting into hardship and harassment to the person like the petitioners. This is a classic case of non application of mind and the part of the respondent number three, in spite of specific direction being issued by this court is ca number 1855 to 15 and in ESEA number 388 1216 to take a decision with regard to correction of Date of Birth of the petitioner. Gotcha. The Honorable code may impose exemplary costs. And I also rely on the judgment of this court in SCA MC number 2936 of 2013. wherein the honorable court directed the respondent to decide the representation within three months, the respondent failed to decide only after the issuance of notice and contempt. The representation was decided and this honorable court imposed a cost of rupees 10,000 This is way back in 2013. And it was so instance of non compliance. In my case, he has repeatedly blatantly this regarded the authors of this quote, I would urge appropriate exemplary called cost may be imposed. Yes please your Lordships, if my last my kindly consider that. During the period of so far as my instructions I will find the detailed replay so far is my friend at Orange Lord says I had filed an affidavit of tendering my unconditional apology Lordships as well as report that the order has been complied with what had happened Lordships in the during this mean time Lordships. He was transferred from this Gram Panchayat to another Gram Panchayat, Lordships, but by name Lordships when this present applicant has been served with a copy of this contempt order Lordships, Lordships in interaction with the debt current of the register Lordships, that talathi come monthly Lordships. This order has been complied with Lordships secondary Lordships? It is not that they had flouted the order of the order, but when when the this applicant came to know that there are specific direction of issuing the birth certificate immediately the order has been acted upon, and immediately the birth certificate has been issued and the audit has been received received by the applicant lacis mobilisers it is not it is not that weird. There is an willful disobedience of the honorable court process, the moment the applicant after because due to lockdown, Lordships, he has not been able to take appropriate instruction, but after it was open, taking instruction, Lordships, I had that I had it was specifically made understood that if if you are not agreeable with disorder, then you have to change that order by way of appropriate application or you have to comply the order Lordships and therefore they had complied the order Lordships without any further delay Lordships and therefore, in my notes may kindly considered that it is not that this person isn't habitual and regularly is doing the Bible Lordships. Therefore, he is tendering an unconditional apology logics even he is present from morning Lordships from the lemma is presented at my office logics is tendering an unconditional apology to the honorable court loss is the same not be repeated in future if I can revert back not one please a lot. We are not convinced with your explanation given in the affidavit, Lordships. This is since I was not at the time of filing this repair lawsuits. I was not having the copy of this application. And therefore by tendering an unconditional apology and report of complaints or chips I had filed this affidavit Lordships. I would explain each and every Lordships detail affidavit or if my lords may permit me, Mr. Gandhi is insisting for some exemplary cause then we find that there is reason that costs may be awarded. It just English Lordships, how I would expand or ships I would actually it is not that that is willful disobedience. It is a case that this present applicant is not being People that not being able to understand that there are specific directions of this honorable court and directions are supposed to be obeyed or they are supposed to be challenged before an appropriate forum Lordships? It is not a case of will and therefore, the moment of when this application this notice was issued, when this present applicant improves sense came to know that this is the order and these directions or specific directions are made Lordships immediately it was acted upon and the certificate is issued Lordships, I would look something in the entire setup of the revenue department did a lot the commentary is the most wise, wisest of the officials stance the language of the court Very well said Yes, I understand. But Therefore, I will we will not accept that he did not know that there was a direction and they don't understand the direction on insisting he needs otherwise, he may pay a cost to the applicant for coming to this court three times. I would my last night it considered that I will explain each and every but if cause, it will come on in service record. My Lords MC le outside the court and the applicant will not presses application it is different. He He has made us undergone extreme harassment we have no my family. If my lords if my lords may consider that there is an harassment to the applicant projects. Absolutely. My lots may without entering into resolving my life, my right of filing but if my Lord may permit or intimate that I wouldn't make understand to put an end to this litigation. We are praying for that, therefore, is the first. This is the first mistake of this present applicant I had made him understood not only in this even in future Lordships, he would never do this. But if my lords may recommend any amount I would make him understand and no, no, we are not recommending any amount. That is when you do decide, but why my lords mettalic considered that this present applicant would not accept I'm not passing any adverse order today I am fixing a date after two weeks is requiring you to file a further detailed affidavit explaining the delay caused. Yes, right. time it is good for me again. Is there one more thing is in fact there is no delay. The court held in my favor and merits by this order in writing. He again holds on merits that I failed to convince I'm convinced I quote he said I am not convinced and therefore at therefore at the outset I'm I am requesting my debt any amount. We are putting out any amount it is between you and your client and then cause there may be a term that any some amount Lordships my London friend may suggest that post maybe have some of you deal separately outside your house the German Gandhi National Council for the applicant entry yoga and taco learning Council of hearing for the opposite party number one affidavit in reply filed on behalf of opposite party number one is taken on the court. According to the contents of the state affidavit compliance has been effected and this birth certificate has since been issued. a photocopy of is also annexed to the affidavit. On the other hand, Sri Gandhi Council for the applicant has made submissions I think for proceeding further in the contempt matter or framing of charges, holding the opposite party guilty and for awarding exemplary costs. And also sentence to the opposite party. Also. Mr. Nakamura sought to explain that in fact, there is no deliberate or intentional disobedience. Next, or whatever we the case. We grant two weeks for the time to the opposite party to find a better affidavit explaining as to under what circumstances he had passed in order. overreaching the judgment of this court an alternative explain any delay that may have been caused or doesn't it? 

