Please welcome the first mention vs Solanki regarding Mr. Salahi Can you hear us? Yes, we got the name I mentioned number one. This is with respect to CL number 58 minutes in today's borders. This content matters because I want to withdraw this petition meloxin subsequent to filing of this petition because the authority has complied with the direction given by these honorable court very good. x. City, K. Solanki Kumar, k Solanki learner counsel for the applicant stage that your instructions to not press the contempt any further as the compliance has already been effected. Accordingly, notices or just start application consigned to the court. I may be permitted to lose Yes. Next is Mr. PJ meta. Meta 58. Number three. They do the fact that way to me please. Yes, Mr. Mehta. Yes. Why the serial number to Milan mentioning it is a PA l mylot. Where encroachment of regional products koteswara embody Paulo SP Depo. Milo. So we have prepared petitioned Muller an honorable court in order to monitor that data to proceed under Section 61 in 2018 February my lord pm today they have not given report before the honorable iPhone. So I request my lord this matter may be considered following 16 matter, yes Milo. If it is not listed, you need to find a listing obligation. You cannot make calculation like this always, you know, sorry. I'm sorry. Yes, I'm sorry. My next is Mr. buckbeak. value. Yes, Mr. Please do not put I am mentioning Milan for a matter for an emcee for recall of the order of record and review. This matter has been mentioned about three times already the but the bondable bench without the honorable the Acting Chief Justice to pass the order impugned as retired and the formula this matter was not being listed. It was supposed to be issued on the eighth of January as for the last mentioning before the vacation, but the matter is still not on board. Therefore I was informed by the registry that it is placed before the honorable the Chief Justice because one of the honorable benches available justice rational whose past to the order that bench would have to be considered the only urgency here in is this matters filed in July 2020. The urgency is the last date of admissions in mmm the body Depending on 21st of January 2021, so, this is for reservation implementation. And the last date of that is 21st is also a delay consolation application which has to be heard Mr. This is a 2018 matter, all right. So, three, three sessions have already gone through academic years. So, it cannot come before that data, which must have been omitted and whenever the bench is constructed matter will be listed, alright. But it was filed in July, but unfortunately, even in September, the patient record requests I may take my chance any date next week also, match cannot be constantly down every day. So it's normally a constant on Fridays, you know that I'm aware Therefore, I mentioned today, in fact, the last mentioning before the vacation was listed on the eighth the honorable co directed to the metal player, but there's a third there's a fourth medicine. In fact, the wonderful court said I list on the eight but it's not come on the eight I thought Friday I must have not trouble the honor to defend Manson today on Thursday. I got insist what tomorrow but not at least next week, if the honorable court on Friday the holiday 1415 January, you know that so unless it can come is 22nd the registry we'll get it and get the bench constituted for 21st the deadline I leave it to the honorable court if tomorrow if it is otherwise, I leave it to the honorable court tomorrow is the pile of 42 2020. So I don't think any other bench can be considered tomorrow. So it will come on 22nd Don't worry very well. And is a pile no no personal rights are being affected. Why are you so concerned about these nominees for reservation of the SEC they say it's a special large group of people and very good right. Okay, thank you. Mr. nimish. Lots of serial number for Russia. Yes. Rajiv, I have this metal file on 711 meilleurs there after mirrors some objects and mirrors I have just a noise has been already raised my lords but my method is not listed a minor is the I call the registered twice my lords very well in the matter, or it may come up on any day. Any convenient dead lordship please. It's crucial number four pay not collision you have a list. So if there are no objections, it may be listed in the next week or week thereafter. Because next week is a short week after that tick please watch the CV honey Thank you guys. Oh, you're just me applied for for for mentioning matters for civil applications in four distinct LPs. This is all the LPS arising out of a common order passed by the learned single just yet. If you recall yesterday Mr. Bhatia sought to mention a matter. In your article, please, direct that we should file a civil application for people manages a civil applicati for appointment and I'm requesting for circulation for tomorrow. The agenda is this why is that initially seven members were disqualified by the competent authority under the provision for disqualification of members of local authorities act. Thereafter the learner single dish was pleased to quash and recite the order against which the four LPs have been preferred. Now the agenda is wider the elections are likely to be declared on 10th or 11th of January. I follow my request subject to the convenience of this honorable court may I request for tomorrow? Not possible tomorrow it will come on me if subject to again convenience of this honorable court we request for Monday instead? How will it make any difference? So don't ever get it all right 13 1113 January's Very well, sir. Yes, Mr. Dodge chip, serial number 51 logic. This is a matter of contempt, and I've received the reply yesterday evening logic. The convenience of the Lordship I'm just visit one week's time may be granted to find the rejoinder. And we also have already you Number 51 maniacally Oculus Miss near the yutani Linux Council for the African press for two weeks time to file reply. To chip, we have some urgency in the matter. So just one week, one week time, maybe one big time to find the under reputable list again on 22nd January, logic published. Next is Mr. cushty. You Yes, Mr. Bochy said I will file the one MCA in so moto matter when my lord has passed the order is 1131 up to the 20 and there in that matter, man Metro will list on tomorrow after this is that maybe Milan circuit along with the metamodel calculation, we know the list was already a beanie. A beanie is a list or a dinky position kyndra bus I ordered leukemia yet. Year is Calista like Monica said on that day, my rod is sitting with justice Jimmy party Wallah in that order was obtained by the government by misrepresentation and giving false statement regarding what nothing else regarding what about the taste of PCR for the symptomatic person after already rapid engine test, very same day when my lord the order, sir one minute one, when my lord pass the order on very same day, government as usual issued circular for their defect, before that, there was nothing. Now according to us, there is no urgency in this matter. And tomorrow we had things that matter only for the authorized issue. So we will deal with it and this MCA will come later on no urgency. Then any date one tomorrow Pl metrodate legaspi ipmc automatically, regular hearing ticker, please write? Me loser. Yes, thank you. Because this is the request for circulation of LPA which is filed before lockdown in February. It was filed in February 2020. Yes will not be awaited. But now my request is not to have a circulation of Florida. It has not been submitted so far. No, no, no, because I have also not made a request because of what the urgent matters. All right. Oh, it's my not collegial number 11 may if there are no objection, then let it be circulated in the week of 18. January alright. Medicine lab every political year Thank you mec limit. fees. Yes, sir, I appear with Mr. But yes, so this this is the LPA which your Lordships had admitted it is fixed for final hearing today at item number 85. We are in urgency. I do not believe realistically matters. We've taken up to date item 85. So if the honorable court can give us a date and put it somewhere higher up, there is an urgency because it's a matter under the Stamp Act. And our document is not being released because of allege demand of the stamp duty. So I'm not sure but fixate on 22nd April 2020 already for finally hearing. Now, well, guess what the other side? Did. You are a very good respondent. Beautiful Mr. White assisting, Mr. Rivera, you are appearing for appearing for the second matter, the special civil application which is tagged along with the LPA. That's special civil application is a separate matter or two separate, it's a completely separate matter. But the point of law is the same. Therefore, we had preferred a civil application to be tagged along with the LPA waterbottle have now been tagged, or have been tagged the point of law is the same, but the matters are separate very well. So the respondent, the government leader appears, right? He or she is no permit, she's in the waiting room. And Mr. llevan has also appeared for that no matter what state governments of the past may not be concerned about his name is totally fine. Right. Because being the other matter, he may be there because in my mind only state is concerned. under government data. Are you able to hear us Mr. Kumar? Yes, my lord, please my Lord. In a mentioning manners here number 12 and 13. Please, my notes, are requesting for add date for hearing of the matter because they have some urgency regarding release of their documents due to deficiency and stamp duty is not being collected. So you have any objection to this? They're requesting for urgency on any other day or today. No, not today. At no difficulty. But I would submit today if it is not possible any other day. Then I overheard Milan since I it was live on YouTube. I overheard him say that today it's at 85. So not practicable to actually hear it today. Any other day, we'd be ready with the matter since we are not ready with the matter today. But any other days fine. So we will have this matter. On 20 years January. Please miles to eight, sir. Wait, yeah, yes. Okay. So in case if it appears little lower on the board, we may request a lordship at 11 in the morning prosopis you may make a mention we will take it up that day. Maybe we'll aim at 230 or three, whatever. That's whatever is convenient. request has been made on behalf of the appellant and the petitioner that there is some urgency in the matter. The same may be listed on an ad for final disposal. Let this matter will be on 28 January 2021. Back with liberty to the parties to make a mention for taking a few minutes to Blitzer not shut up let's do you remember if you paid for it, no matter if it Lega grevin 13 excuse me mentioning motor. Serial Number 85 of the daily calls this day. of elevator minute number four was Item Number 51 to daily mode. And item number 58. Your number yambol 1234 you was mentioning don't get confused. I'm waiting to mention a matter mirror Should I leave and rejoin or should I just wait yeah me waiting to there no more mentions now before us. Waiting to mention two matters for urgent circulation tomorrow. There land matters mellowed were huge chunks of parcels of land. The Honorable learners single judge has granted interim relief which materially mellowed would affect public interest. My request is if they can be taken up tomorrow. Both have been e-file One of which has been already Physically if I cannot wait till Monday we'll wait till Monday I'll inform below there are a group of matters coming up middle two already interim orders are passed, and only apprehending some orders may be passed. But I will request the honorable court to defer the matter till Monday. makeover be taken up on Monday no difficulty. And I received a copy on the other side also, I believe we would, Yes, we will. We would have I just verify with my counterpart, but we also will ensure that the other side is yes. Although normally practice here is that you don't serve a copy on the other side unless there is a caveat. But we do it no difficulty. Since you are wanting a matter to be taken amount of time it is better that you serve we serve with no difficulty. My ease had appeared on advanced copy, no difficulty on serving we make sure we serve it. Yes. So you have to provide the details. Because that those details we don't have, you know, my colleague will just pass it over to the court mass type e filing numbers I add. But the physical copy Milad was one of which is filed yesterday, one which is already filed this morning. So physically also they've been filed, all the details will be provided by my counterpart understand the difficulty. I have a mentioning list, please my notes, there are 13 matters. Alright. Now, if you have a number allotted to your matter. Yes. I can share with you I have the E filing number 101 I quote is interesting is that you make this mention again tomorrow and get it on the mentioning board. So it becomes easier for the other party also to know that I mentioned has been made otherwise there is no record of mentioning today. Very well. Very well. I'll remind me tomorrow I'll again mention it tomorrow and make sure that it comes on dimensioning board and make sure it comes on dimensioning board, please make Yes. And make sure there are no objections. Yes, please. Otherwise it will not be circulated they'll be difficult. Any webmaster Yes. So now we started the remote work. Even if I didn't see number one of the regular board. Now we are on the court board. But what what is your ca 73 in LP double 2874 This isn't the first matter of record. So we have Mr. De Pere conjunct Danny, Mr. Rajesh mongkut please watch cinema one in the barcode module or chip, yeah, whatever. And in the serial number 19 in the regular body or lordship and serial number 27 to serial number 32 in the regular world, Your Lordship, these all matters are arising out of the same common order order passed by the learned single number 19 and tail number 27 to 32 Your Lordship number 27 to 32. Yes a lot. Yes. In the barcode boy dealership the civil application for condemnation of delays listed Your Lordship there is a delay of 17 days your lotrimin preferring this civil application in preferring this LP or chip. And what is the matter about matter is that about about regularization of the daily wager Your Lordship. Now these daily wages were working as the teaching staff and non teaching staff in the Terra Nagar palika lordship, but in 2000 to your lordship. So you're watching what are we done by the lender single lender single just granted them the benefits of the permanency permanent veggie single hardship and said services when regularize Your Lordship. Now our contention is that your lawsuit they have the alternative remedy to approach the learned honorable industrial tribunal criminal Your Lordship. Now they have bypassed that remedy Your Lordship and they'll directly approach this honorable court by margin that objection must have been taken before the single gender it was taken a lot of judgments dealt with it and is not accepted or not accepted. Now you are need to attract the genuine single you're saying One more round while you're dragging gentlemen please allow ships in our defense Your Lordship, the the this petition were not permanent staff of the turret another polygon Your Lordship, they were working on a daily visual basis Your Lordship and their services were not they will not appointed through any regular channel modulates if these are the backdoor entries Your Lordship till today they have not produced a single document which shows that their their appointment was through a regular channel Your Lordship how many years more than 20 years. So no. So, there is no dispute Your Lordship would not unveil on your module. Now tell them but you lots of there is no there is no sanction for not working with you. They have been working new, please launch him now. But after 2016 or ship or double barrel man, this is well closer latson so there is no sanction post in our setup to accommodate this petitioner dealership. And now the honorable Supreme Court is also seeds of this matter regarding the status Your Lordship. I have noticed 111 judgment passed by the honorable Supreme Court Your Lordship when I have filed through a cover your lordship and I also forwarded the same Toodle and it got mustard day before yesterday, Your Lordship Nick McQueen was number 90 or serial number surprise say but this is the base of the thinking it must be in the 19 election. So really, what about Supreme Court your Lordships Supreme Court is is also sees of the same issue, same issue whether in case of alternative remedy, the Honorable high court can pass the order or not your Lordships? That is that that is Logan Central High Court can always be within otter is only a temporary temporary record. That's all it is. Apart from that there are many issues which are reflected in the supreme court order Your Lordship when God and I have also your place read through it. I have filed into the registry to seal cover your lordship. When did you come on on for theological renders by civil appeal 1878 of 2016 Your Lordship wanted to see me when he wasn't please please Your Lordship. Our main contention is that you'll also have alternative remedy. Now you have work made the work for 20 years. Please watch him grammar rules and regulations. But you'll also be in the absence of any sanction post you'll also be in our setup, we cannot regularize This is why they have difficulty years and would not make much more sense of course for them. But that may America apartment could be made for temporary one which would lead for small periods, short periods. Three years and the material and not 20 years we have been continuously working on where to go. But these are backdoor entries. A lot of concern Chief Officer at the relevant point of time a lot. And the requirement was there. He took that backdoor entry and why he's not taking the in the last video you did not these are the Data Guard and the daily wager teacher Your Lordship they are not sir, they are not doing any tasks which are required on a permanent basis, Your Lordship madness and resubmit my request, you'll automatically turn to page number 20 of that supreme court judgment Your Lordship may read para 24 Your Lordship. No, you are reading the honorable supreme court judgment, Your Lordship that order. The Civil have been one it's seven eight of 2016 or superior. That is our order, gentlemen. Please elacin page number 21 Your Lordship at the bottom of the page para 24. The decision in PCL you needs to be revisited in order to set the position in law which adopts in conformity with the principles emerging from the earlier line of precedent, more specifically the areas on which PCL needs to needs reconsideration. First, the interpretation placed on the provision of clause two sub clause two of the certified standing orders. Second, the meaning and content of an unfair labor practice under section two are a read with item 10 in the fifth schedule of the idea and now second one a third one is important Your Lordship the limitation if any on the power of the labor court an industrial court to order regularization in the absence of the sanction post the decision. be married further. Am I audible you are now The third aspect Your Lordship on page number 22. The limitation if any, on the power of the labor court and industrial court to order regularization, in the absence of the sanction post, the decision in pcle would in our view require reconsideration in view of the above decision of this court. And for the reason which we have noted above, we accordingly request the registry to place the proceedings before the honorable Chief Justice of India, so as to enable His Lordship to consider placing this batch of appeals before appropriate means Your Lordship and therefore, we didn't mention also be important only said that the matter may be controlled by a larger when please watch this pending before the honorable supreme or as existing does permit regularization of such employees very well, but there are no sanction posts in our setup Your Lordship this and this part of the point once you are taking work for somebody for 20 years continuously, please origin but they will not produce any single document which shows that their post this they have appointed through a regular channel model or chip, you have made the appointment please lots of but there are no appointment orders Your Lordship, there's the mic on the end. Second is alternative remedy. Your Lordship already will be sneaky. Please alert him. City b&q your deeper, deeper concern Danny, deeper content than it counsel for the appellant Angie Rogers conquered land Counsel of yearning for the private respondents in a controlled manner single judge after examining bad conduits in detail, according to the following findings, number one, we're working for more than 20 years continuously in the organization. And the third one entitled to claim bring the right number to the play of alternative remedy taken. We're not considered We are the violation of principles of natural justice. And also the rights of the additional content also recorded that even as a way of automating remedy is not an absolute path. But will depend on the facts and circumstances of the case. Search finding the content in paragraph 2.1. No single mother directed, directed that all the petitioners be reinstated. except we're no longer serving you to a strategy and you need to be paid. for that further directions was also issued to the respondent municipality recognized as one of his many responsibilities his employer sponsored for Commissioner to get the contributions deposited and further directed the municipality within 12 weeks in the light of the state of Connecticut. The task of revising is that this is a one time measure. findings are recorded by elements that are not disputed are not issue. The only submission advanced the main submission advanced by lending Council for the firstly that was delivered Public grievances. And I certainly never considered beginning the petition, despite there being alternative remedies. The second ground is that petitioners did not produce any documents of their appointment or to show that there were sanctioned posts, body issues have been adequately dealt with by the new and new finding the budgets with which we do not find any reason to interfere, as they are based on material on record and the certain legal propositions may have been is accordingly dismissed. Eric was one thing a lot of you may say I did rely upon that supreme court judgment. Another submission advance and consequently, reliance upon judgment of the Supreme Court dated seventh February 2020s, passed in civil appeal number 18782 2016. Interesting, or in DC vs. Krishna Gopal and this last one reference was made to paragraph 24. There are certain issues quite reconfigurations by lager when I've got sort of the law as it stands today does permit the consumer consideration of the case for immunization merely because the reference has been made would not make the judgment of single debt burden low MC for contempt of scale number 27 to 32 million, yes, in this very matter. That's why we'll be seeking some time in that metal to those metal lordship in view of this dismissal of LPL lordship, you want to make a statement that you want to comply with an hour's time you'll be able to take instruction from my client, whether they are willing to challenge this order or not Your Lordship I'll take instructions. So, some time may be granted in those contempt petition Your Lordship 27 to 22 yesterday and not to two matters because it is the eight content matters for 549 to five days, there are two contributors not listed today. So all the eight betters 549 to 556 or 2050 is not the same number 1957 have existed right please a lot of yes and the first one was the one with number one and one of the restaurant by the airport more today please are watching these are aid please remember to repeat the file again and again and 27 determine on average 2820 920-930-3132 that is six. It is 62 metros are not listed that is 549 and 550 by 4555 45 49.55 by a MCA 550 2020 and MCA table 520 20. They are not listed or not listed yet. These six letters. Mr. Grant and Danny people come in learn what the opposite party request for four weeks time to obtain further instructions in the better view the dismissal of the letters petitions appeal today, order of date let complaint applications be listed along with two other MC number 550 2020 and MC a triple five of 2020 on February 2021, please file further epidemic on behalf of the opposite party please art of legal action. Yes, please a lot may be nice round on exit or if and the time do I want to see 51 names up on this list? Yeah 741665 with word yungas. Please my lats. Join us Yes, the present application is for condemnation of delay of 73 days in preferring the copy against the order passed by the learned single judge wherein the petition was originally for interest in delayed payment of provident fund as well as the insurance benefit which was granted to the claimants. There have been directions issued by the learned single judge for damages as well as even fixing liability of the concerned person who was responsible for dealing in disbursement of the provident fund as well as the insurance benefit claimed by the display claimants petitioners. Originally, when the the employer there was a dispute between the employer and the concerned deceased, for whom the claim was made, with regards to whether he was employed with the establishment for the period from 1998 to 2006. It was firstly concluded by the EPA for trip appellate tribunal that he was an employee prior to that the department was of the view that Why are the regional provident fund Commissioner common appeal Milo's, there have been very employer was not party to the proceedings. Probably he didn't appear before the learned single judge. And we are concerned with the direct there is no provision for providing damages to the employees mileage damages are to be recovered from the mileage submitted have been imposed on the employer to be paid to the employees. thing is we have been directed to initiate the proceedings for recovery of damages. Yes. Do you have a reason? Why are you coming here? My employer? Not at all my look there, there have been certain there is no liability and prominent one Commissioner majlis. There has been a direction if the paid CCC is seen in page 41 of these judgment miles the lap, there is no statutory provision in the entire scheme to pay damages to the employees or claimants mileage. We we can recover it from the employer for the default for which we are required to take appropriate acts, initiate appropriate proceedings. He was a liar. I understood the query of the way I am before it's on hold the dream of the employer. I understood the code and the amount or is there is one more direction that the officer then the department may assess who is the hearing officer because of whom the delay has occurred? Yeah, that you make an inquiry and you find out there's a provision for filing a frivolous appeal and my mother's there, my humble submission as far as this petition is concerned, if the prayers of the petition is seen, Mr. Dreier, you are not an every person my loss, I understand what is falling from the honorable prime to understand that you might as well either withdraw or you want us to Part A short order, which is not order under my law, may I request if this delay may be gone down at this day? Oh, no, no. no delay. Yes. Very well, my lots of work to be learned counsel for the Evelyn. Thank you. What's his appeal by the regional provident fund Commissioner regional office according to our view, would not be available as the governance EPA is not aggrieved by the judgment on all the directions and the mobility are on the employer and not on the EPA. The only direction issued to the APA is to make an internal inquiry and find out the default and opposite because of whom the payment will be made cannot be agreed to be considered as it has been a delay in making payments accordingly accordingly dismissing only one aspect my loss if it can be observed, I have passed on an office note to the learned code code master where in the order as far as interest is concerned has been complied with by the department. We mentioned it is what is not dated 14 December 2020. According to which supplementary payment Provident Fund, and as to the account of claimants alienness Milord scan permission Can I thank you. Emily obliged, my lord. Yes, Mr. MacGyver Really? Yes, I do. I do, please. I'm thankful to my lawyer who's doing this appeal for the state? Yes. But this only a short issue before the honorable court is the interpretation of one of the rule issued by the state government. By wide notification of the state government dated 11 to 11. Was the short controversy before the honorable court is most there is an appointment, we came out with an advertisement for appointment to the post of old teachers. Now, one of the requirements of the appointment was five years regular surveys as teachers for the purpose of appointment was an experience required. But if these individuals the auditor did petitioners apply, but that we rejected we rather does not accept their applications on the ground, let for the five years that you have served in the sections I asked was not was on a fixed period and not as regular teachers and therefore, your experience cannot be considered for the purpose of appointment his old teachers, that was our case. Now, there is a policy understand the first five years is a period of as your probation and on completion of five years you are given the regulatory scheme the money that is the policy, then how can you not use them as regular teachers but they but there's only one one to do logical kindly consider on page 33 if your watch is fine, let me see of making appointments for five years on fixed term on fixed pay my making regular selection through open market please my lords and today you are saying that because you are on a fixed will not treat you as Oh after five years In fact, there are exploitation in state of Busan. I thought I learned from them. Yes, thank you, for the state of the art Council of learning for the respondent on kV. Delay cannot hear Leonard single yet after considering the entire material of the court, including the policy of the government as also the relevant case law of the point deciding the issue has allowed the repetition extending the benefit of the service of the petitioners holding required to experience participation in the recruitment process. Accordingly appropriate directions have been issued. We do not find any poverty in the order appeal to be dismissed. Now, my lord only grant for weeks time for complex if not complaint that is all I'm requesting because in one of there are three set of petitions at my request will also only January four weeks time for compliance. There was a separate list prepared we're prepared to lists yes in the 11.9 that is mentioned as paragraph it is mentioned now she's learned single gesture directed preparation of tourists we were in appeal before the honorable division meant the honorable division which directed us to pursue the matter before learned single judge all I'm requesting is for weeks time will want you to kindly extend for if not complex over that is all you have to say I'm sorry, cheesy Anthony will be happy. Not happy? I don't know. But we need to hear it from her that she's happy one of the group of witnesses. I'll just and I'll just send an apology. Miss vias? Yes, yes, sir. Yes, Mr. Ronnie is praying for four weeks time to make compliance. Is that okay? In fact, milady it is For the recruitment consideration in the recruitment, which is still going on, therefore, I am requesting to be considered for the recruitment. He says he needs more time to comply with the order of the single very, very, very, and he said that you will be happy to get this order yes after after the matter is only your children grant me a minute I will point out, but this is no recruitment. I do not say anything on recruitment, Jason Jason aggregates then an agent caring for the state that has been paid for four weeks time to ensure compliance of the directions issued by the lands of Miss Wagner and counsel for the respondent has no relation to the cause of the cause. Accordingly, grant for weeks time as we upgrade to ensure compliance of the directions within a single bucket just like any law, they'll be gay. Mr. Meat shot Yes, you can do in combination in different data centers happy challenging the order by the metric single judge dated 21st October 2019 is a group of villages and towns and I would like to make a difference in one of the respondents account group of citizens, we similarly situated to me, who happened to be my country as already preferred and leaders in their opinion because he was able to challenging the very same order and your Nazis was pleased to achieve ruling in that matter after Monica de superamerica sees that same orders many pass and then these matter may be tagged along with that matter. What are notice Jeremy so we know this may be you. Next time. You heard Sheree meet Shannon also for the apple and the health issue you noticed on the delay cancellation is also the OB returnable within six weeks based on the number Yes. We are announcing the cost for rupees one lakh mine was May 20. Appreciate the impugned order of the rarer tribunal. 17 June 2020. We have filed an appeal within the period immediately. All your question was why have you filed this LPA? Yes, I want out. The rera appellate tribunal was approached on 16th July 2020 with MP model and interim directions making out of necessity to seek imprimatur honorable tribunal only in October. notified the matter can you can see their notice is dated were 12 October 2020, page 120 for your notes and we are prayed that in the water Add water application considering the urgency we are preparing applications and the model honorable tribunal made it clear that it would not be hard or even those short days would be given at 29th of January that is after two months and some days the notice was issued making a data label. Can you see that on page 124. I have made 11 months and we are prayed that seems that is under the Kylie new sorter there the honorable tabula rasa she made it clear that even on return on that, because we made it clear that other side naturally would see time. So again, there will be further adjustments. so kindly give us shortly we will solve it by direct samis it was very clear that again or returnable their metal may not be hurt due to some bobbins processor and so many metals and metal will be again and john you should be ready for adjournment and that is why they are not returnable date. So only I have made innocuous prayer. Can you see my prayers, that reburial may be directed to expedite the hearing? Now two months is a first return a one day in reira appellate tribunal, only prayer now my petition, My prayer is that please direct so that at least on returnable, they are taught within some two months, three months, no matter maybe consider either being honorable Nanette single just observe that our was notice is issued interference mode, it would amount to an interference in the proceedings which are already initiated. Now, my very contention I have prayed. And I have contended in the petition, that even we are prayed that some shorter date will be given or proceedings considering the urgency instead of 29. January, some and there will be adverse there was only prayer before the honorable tribunal and before honorable lager single that can you see the order of the honorable single the janma ever once. If by governments are found to be incorrect, then costs may be imposed. But if a party comes before the honorable icon, that I am praying for expeditious hearing that we will do over the course. And some observation for no reason, no liberty to approach the before the tribunal to make a request for expeditious. Otherwise, only I'm bringing Nokia's here. Who has stopped you from approaching the terminal. You went abroad again. But you're launching the practical difficulties, technical difficulty, the practical difficulties, my averman may continue contingency without verifying I would not allow for PT, sir, to make a woman's a woman's are wearing the petition to only candidacy. Continue to argue further, we will increase the costs. You're justifying the cost. No. Some observations. You have always been good to us. So you remain good to us. Maintain your goodness, even in the new year. Continue to be good as well. So therefore, we are deleting the costs. Hi, Julian came with Madonna counsel for the appellant. Also, although the state and the registrar How can you repeat this data was out to the government. Government data is not state law but in civil matters because this is a state authority. Robert, what do you always insist This is by a statement that will reduce such matters? I'm sorry about listen to us. You must the CPC provides How do you need the state? The state of Gujarat may be necessary party that's all right. But then it has to be represented to the Secretary of the Department concerned or if there is no department that the chief secretary of the state but not the government government because the Council for the city last quarter I should not be doing this mistake is alright was Mr. Blender is not expected. What if we am making statements even it will be very bad if we don't include government learning such battles, very directions or their bodies to take out the objection, then why you have not included government? Because there is I follow I follow your logic government data will be served a copy of the petition because it represents the state but it cannot be made a party then I am brand new to one of them or one that may be lost future if you file a petition with the government better is responded petition will be dismissed with costs I lost? Yes. Although the state of goes up and the restaurant was robbed real estate applet travelers have been raised as our responders number one and two, but both are pro forma respondents insofar as the relief claimed in the present relief that can be considered in the present appeal is concerned. The appellant is primarily aggrieved by the imposition of costs of rupees 10,000 by the single judge, while dismissing the repetition. Also, their counsel for the appellant shimoga has sought to justify that there was neither any concealment nor any conventional mischief by the appellant in order to obtain any order from the court says the imposition of course, without any due justification was not warranted. Also, having considered the facts and circumstances of the case, we feel that the imposition of costs may be too harsh in the present case. Accordingly while the penis party allowed to the extent that the cause of this 10,000 imposed by learning single judge wide impugned judgment in order date 1612 2020 is number 15732 of 2020. is satisfied the rest of the order shall remain intact medic legal options yes immediately. Because yes minutes Yes, this topic is directed against the order passed by the learned single judge rejecting my detention petitioners post detention petitioning the findings rendered by the learned single judges on page four minutes paragraph five minutes logic Good night. Lots of business. This appeal is directed against the order passed by the learned single judge rejecting my post detention petition minutes in all millets total for efforts are registered against me. A lot of them are registered in a span of 15 days by the persons who owe me money and simulate the allegation once first FM to be registered on 26th of may 2020. And then by 10th of June to 2020 millets for fires in the same by the in the same police station dillards. All registered for the offenses which are available in nature. The moment I got bail in that matter millets I came to be detained by virtue of this detention order and that's on 21st of August 2020. So I'm in detention for a period of more than four and a half months. The CO accused persons were also detained and they have been already released on only one person is left all of their coded coded values were released. Three of them were released by the home department and one was released by the court in addition it's passed that orders also millets to the main skeletons Yes, so let's it by any circumstances this would not amount to breach of public order, because all other matters are but all the efforts are pertaining to a private dispute that they owe me money. The first line in that effort is that they were supposed to pay me the money back. But now as I am threatening them. So Milady this has happened. All the files registered for 323 294 B 5062 has been added minutes and that is non billable in the state of Georgia. But billets all the petitioners, secured bill from the police station itself in all the matters minutes, but if within a period of 10 days. He was detained under this comparable filing status before a single day. normalise no counter was 5 million the paper book bailouts. This has been passed. This order is a copy of the state yesterday was a copy has been sold to the statements. The endorsement does not indicate but I collect from the office who presented at Salt Lake Erie last night after counsel for the appellant and receive the ronnie learned ATP for the state is an Iron Man provide a copy of the complete paper book of the LPA to see the running within 24 hours with an IRA may also file a short affidavit annexing a copy of the wireless message dated 17th July 2020. As also a copy of the order passed by this court on 110 2020. In special civil application number 7923 of 2020 within three days and several copies of the same answer with your money also. So they're not me okay instructions and file counter of the city within two weeks list the appeal on 28 January 2021. I guess adequate lots of listeners lots if not a shorter date and that's because lots of other detainees are already released this will not be possible. Otherwise converted the shortage. Let it come on. 28 we will deal with lots of things on 28 to make a mention next is with some location with a condition near limitless Yes, lots of business. 100 was evident How to order a single shirt versus a where the internet believes granted earlier had been confirmed, but this is a case where the construction is being carried out carried out by Lordships contrary to rules that two authorities below have given a concurrent finding to the effect there is a violation of rules and the appellate authority the commissioner has ordered and remanded the matter back to consider all aspects along with the rules, each person pending that you want to stay in a committee then the first order don't continue construction of the building. The rule does not permit ground floor plus three, he has gone he is granted permission. Now he's saying that the resolution is passed visualization is patios fall or chipstead. By revaluation It is only for the purpose of residential he has constructed a shops on a ground floor which was a killer for parking and carried out the construction. So, every all the construction is going on then the size of the pendency of the proceeding and stay granted. I have produced a series of photographs in series showing that the periodical product and construction have been continued by losses be pleased to see the basic orielle which was a permission page 22 the petition 24 order to complete a deal How are you aggrieved by this? Typically, I haven't edited logic when the here you know the construction is continued at a side by this person violating the simple question would arise one would understand now the constructions were allowed to be completed rightly or wrongly is a different issue right the reconstructions are complete no constructions are being made. Now, it is being made even today the elevation work and live work is going on. And the most stagnancy would be required no further than what what the other side did at the time of hearing that Microsoft conception would be removed. I'm not interested. Removal would be a different issue. Yes. Whether my name June order, are they continuing the construction? Yes, elevation work is going on live work is going on even after these order. When the when I file an appeal before the appellate committee, appellate committee granted a stay against concept and he continued construction, then append an appellate committee You can send the permission. Still he continued with the construction. And in the petition It was a construction second is on the city's COVID-19. To the immigration Council for the Atlantic. Everybody should notice that counsel for the appellant in which paragraph Have you said that construction work is going on with a petition submitted that under the Gar was the interior model as well every single day, which does not permit construction work to carry on. Although they responded recognize originally petitioners are continuing with the construction which otherwise are totally illegal and contrary to the law, and contrary to law, the page will also be made in paragraph paragraph poor woman in a civil application did that word diversity is one issue notice returnable on April February 2021 policy was considered we accordingly provide that the interim order passed by the rectangle that would not be interpreted by the respondent to grant them liberty and permission to carry on construction activity. Status Quo with regard to construction and also the nature of the property in dispute shall be maintained by the parties in the vested fix medical status now with regard to perception is right to the status quo status quo totally because it translates the property in between time that will create a multiplicity of proceedings. Mr. Patel understand your legal please please please not please there must be some good reason why you are here we will find out why they will come and tell us why you are after him. What is your love hate relationship? Right? Your limits too far. Please, please. But I've actually only permitted me when I get my knowledge we also clarify that they know construction work is going on. The order passed today would not have any effect on the respondents right to use the property. Please don't use direct service may be permitted Lordships and direct service permitted permit. Please don't make many lawsuits Yes, yes, ship pleases but we had filed an application at page end. Yes, that application yes seeking relief or vacating interim injunction is gone. In theory models passed by the learned single judge, but that is at page v dated ninth March 2011. First Order is submitted the time when the letter of allotment was issued condition for payment was that the entire payment must be made in well equal installments. The say condition was coupled with the benefit of 25% concession, or the petitioner company had requested, that company may be allowed to make payment in 14 installments instead of 12. In response to the same request, inform the petitioner that 25 conforming person concession would stand withdrawn of the modified proposal. A proposal is a difference between the petitioner and the respondent. The company has submitted that petitioner does not insist for 14 days and is ready to make payment within 12 equal installments if the GI DC also continues the original proposition granting 25% concession therefore, in view of this notice was sold and till then maintain status quo VW no no next order. Now, these are quarterly installments monthly installments annual installments, he has not paid any know what is the duration of the difference between the two installments? quarterly installments. Now the next order, yes. Do that please ex? Yes. Page by is rude. Yes. And my den. The learner just briefly narrated the prayers. No, I will look at page Jed. Yes. Yes, in the light of the full state statement, it is clear that position of the plot is with the petitioner before the date on which the petition came to be filed. It is also clear that on the date so and so granted by this Court has been operation since about 16 months. Therefore, so far as the request of the petitioner is concerned, the modifications, it is directed that the petitioner as well as respond, shall maintain status quo. petitioner will not alienate or transfer the property in any manner whatsoever. And the petitioner will make payment of the entire amount as demanded by the respondents. There are a lot a lot bent occupancy and position in question will be subject to the final odd. Now therefore entitled payment was to be made on that day. 2012 July 2012. Yes, now, my Lord when we filed this application For vacating the steamer on the ground, on the ground, it has not made any payment between 2011 his date of the application or his date of the hearing of the petition. Then, but this was before the pod instead of deciding these application learned judge now extends further time loss you will see the FHP page Yes. Thank you second December my Lordships? Yes. After substantial learning learned Senior Counsel for the petitioner submitted that to show bona fide is a petitioner petitioner is willing to foreclose which is according to the petitioner outstanding amount as per the OTS or the state amount is disputed by the ADC and they have submitted that outstanding amount is 127 crores. It is also contended that petitioner is not entitled for OTS it is contended that they are objecting will say proposer, and injunction of the field is required to be vacated. Our considering case on hand is in possession of the property for 10 years. They want to show their bona fides, petitioner deposit 25% of the amount of work. So an entire order if he was to pay an entire amount. Now the Lord nature says you give in installments. So after eight years, this order designed what my Leonard friend is, for born to mention that he sees an interim order in a CA, which is still pending. That is what I have to show my one a few days, which no matter no longer restricts the amount which I have to pay to them. The learned judges said and for good reason. This matter was argued at considerable length before the learned single judge. Were inter alia, we pointed out that not only there is a forbearance on the part of the respondents, because we have asked them repeatedly that we are unable to pay for whatever reasons, you are not giving us the map and all that those are the stock reasons, but I don't depend upon it. But I am saying that the my the the opponents arguing for Your Lordship, that Oh, they have been negligent? No, we have been in touch with them every day. It is after seeing that, that the learned single judge has passed this order. Now, the CA filed by the Corporation for vacating the relief is very much pending before the court and all that the court said was that you show your bond a few days, because the so much time has elapsed from that part and the matter is being heard on the 21st. But this is a an LPA which is not under clause 15 really, it is for to satisfy the ego of one or the other official. And it is clear now minute that because if the repetition, the main repetition with the verb with your Lordships are all that all those series of documents are put before further learning single judges consideration. We have amended the petition on setting the origin petition is not before us ignore the copy the next would be appeal. Yes, the petition started on this premise that in the den current vibrant Gujarat of 2010. The JDC had invited us to do business where we set up business we were promised an incentive it to 25% or some such discount. That discount was not being given. The lands which are allocated to us were separate, separate measurements were not being given or with all those reasons we came before the learned single judge. The learner single just gave us this indulgence. Therefore I want to know what was the relief claimed in the petition. The relief claimed in the petition was that not the amount asked for by the by the Corporation, but some lesser amount has to be paid by us 25% less less and that that was granted to you basically. What? No, no, no. In fact, in fact, what relief, what relief was granted was that you pay the amount slowly, which we did not do. This is this is that when your Lordships is allow me to say something, it is relevant to me now, we just want to know the fact what was the relief claimed in the petition, according to you, the relief claim was 5% discount with the JDC and offer should be these already to be paid in 12 in short number, right. Yes, we company are given a proposal that it will repay the amount in 40 installments. In that event, we will not extend that 25% discount benefit, correct? No, no, no. I think you're not sure to that. I guess. I'll read and read the relief in the main sections. But I must add, you've added declaration holding and declaring that the respondents are not entitled to withdraw 25% concession for the total for blood number, so and so be pleased to issue a mandamus to issue separate agreements for each of the plots. Because at that time, also, they said, we'll give you only one plot, then see, to issue a writ of mandamus to consider to grant 40 quarterly installments on balance consideration. after deducting the amount of 25% within two years monitor with two years moratorium, payment of interest at quarterly instead of 12 numbers. So all these realists are the subject matter of litigation, then something happened. And what happened was that during the COVID period, sometime in June, they came out with another scheme, which was far more beneficial. And it contained within it the seeds of the resolution of the petitioners problem. Therefore, when we applied to them, that you please grant us the benefit of this scheme. Well, why would you not pay anything? No, Jackson do not despite these two orders, yes, yes. And today, you're referring to the maintainability of the appeal that is against an interview. No, no, I will not rest my case on such tenuous grounds. Then, but I said I say for for your Lordships consideration, I do not dismiss get away for not having this is not him. This was also argued before the learned single judge effect their arguments before the learned single church. We have to make them again here we will make them No, no, please don't. They're just interested. Just read. Your Lordship knows me well enough to know that no argument of mine will not be apropos. So that's the principal. The principal is the appellant. places for consideration is only unfounded in the principle that if you have enjoyed an interim relief, and you have not followed that interest relief on that ground alone, the petition should be dismissed, has been has has not found favor with the Supreme Court. And I would invite your Lordships attention in any case we would not have been here. I can understand if we come up before logic first. But I learned single judge who is seized as a main matter who is seized of their civil application. And we seized up my amended petition has thought it fit to give me a chance. Sorry, right. Yes. Yes. Now, just one question. Mr. Governor, have you made the deposit? model? I have, I have time till 21st of January to make it a very well. Mr. Schiller. Yes. This matter is now fixed for 21st of January, but just listen to us. Yes. And we will say that the matter would be listed on top of the board before the appropriate bids. Mr. Covina will not seek any adjournment in the matter whether he deposits 25% or not, it is not in his hands, it is in the hands of his client to give an assurance on behalf of his client, whether he will comply with that condition or not, because for eight years he has not complied the conditions on which he opened the imprimatur in 11 and 12. I will not even ask Mr. Governor to give any assurance, but on 21st the matter may be heard by the appropriate bench wherever it is listed before the committed error committed is yes, there modify the interior model. They were required to enter payment with the Schiller instead they just use an installment of his own choice odsp requires requires that you must pay the entire amount. We will set aside that order and say that the singularity will proceed with the matter onwards the intermodal container we will continue in favor of Mr. COVID. difficulty. He will save 25% also, yes. Because we are not as agreement. Please. Don't have any objection to this. I cannot have any objection. Except that as an officer of the court, if you're lots of gives my client this way out, he ruined his case. So I will force him to deposit 25%. these are these are high desert order of the December 2020. And say that the matter will be received on 21st January on top of the board before the appropriate wins. So if you're meant to be sought by the dealership by either say they will cooperate in the hearing. Yes, yes. And but I do not understand this to mean that your lordship gives the corporation any carte blanche to change the status quo. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. The earlier orders of these order must continue. Mr. Mr. Sherrod is making the statement. It seems that they don't want to take yes for an answer. It is extraordinary. But it is really extraordinary. That a 25% is not some piddly amount is nearly 28 crore rupees. How would your logic been setting aside the other day say that it is open to the petitioner to voluntarily pay the amount if he thinks it fit? Because otherwise they will not accept it? Therefore nobody nobody has nobody has said that you don't pay. You should have paid we didn't Well, yes. Not one by Milo is honored and low and writing and representations are not woke up this morning. If any password I would not have entered up here. Fair enough. 100 I am happy with this order. Yes. Have you heard sorry SM seller. I said by the way letter counsel for the appellant and she Percy Covina Lynette Senior Counsel, assisted by Shri Neil Gandhi, legal counsel appearing for the respondent. Number Number one, number one, what is one number two state this appears for the date this one and number two. The respondent number one referred special civil application number three of 2011 claiming relief against the Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation with regard to settlement of deals with respect to an allotment made in its favor. First of all, let us single judge by order dated ninth of March 2011. As an interim order, directing the parties to maintain status quo and further that, until the returnable date that is 28th March 2011. No steps for evicting, the petitioner will take the order dated 19th March 9 March 2011 is reproduced below page. Later on, after hearing, the counsel for the parties learned single judge by another order dated 30th of July 2012. modified the earlier order dated ninth March 2011. And after recording respective contentions and the necessary facts, simulate again continued the order of status quo for the restraining the petitioner not to alienate or transfer the property in question and also to make the payment do payment in 12 months after receiving the benefit of 25% discount the said order dated 30th July 2000 is produced below. Apparently, the original repetition record for this one and number one here is did not make the payments as assured by it before the limits of the debt. The gi DC moved in application civil application number one of 2024 getting the interview model dated 30th of July 2012. And for other ancillary reliefs for initiating actions again under order 39 to a etc. The reliefs that claim in the state of admission application reproduced below record carrying paragraph 15 page paper Do you on this application for getting the Imperium Li or what the impugned order came to be passed by letter single debt on 22nd December 2020. By the third order in order to test the bona fide ease of direct petitioner required to deposit 25% of the outs honest outstanding amount of rupees 114 crores which according to the GDC was 127 crows. But nevertheless, the level single has directed that 25% of rupees 114 crows will be deposited on or before will be 112 1021 was up on the set date. The matter was to be listed every single day it also provided that in case the amount is not so deposited, then the action available to the petitioner would stand located automatically without further order being required Send order as it is produced below, by his bollock order page helper is this order, which is assailed in the present day. Let's see, shall we will Senior Counsel submitted that the learned single judge ought to have located the entry model and the facts of the case that direct petitioner having taken advantage of the assurance given and I will not honored it for more than eight years, did not deserve any further indulgence. And there was no justification for the single judge to have modified the earlier interim order, which was passed on an undertaking obligations given by the petitioner. On the other hand, superseed Arena, Senior Counsel submitted that this court will not interfere with your ability, as it is only an interlocutory order to test the bona fides of the petitioner. And as the mica is already fixed for 21st, January 2020. I want the same maybe heard on where itself of the main matter or of the civil application claim for the occasion of interview mode. It is true, it is there's no doubt that the Leonard single judge could have modified an internal model in appropriate cases under given circumstances. However, as the practitioner had himself not honored his own commitments made in the year 2011 dashboard. granting an indulgence at this stage may not be in the best interest of the parties. assess what would be appropriate is that the Linux internet ought to have either rejected the intercommunication civil application for getting the intermodal or not to have vacated the entry mode. But further modification of the order may not be in the proper exercise of jurisdiction. But what exercise of proper exercise. Since the main matter is not before us, and is to be heard by a single judge around with the pending applications. We feel it appropriate that the impugned order dated 2212 2020 unless illiquid further complications for the applet. As such, we set aside the set order which will also relieve the burden of the petitioner of being forced to deposit rupees or 25% of rupees 114 crores. And the matter may now may be heard on its own merits on the gate fixed cost based on metrics and considering the expectancy, we direct the registry to list this especially civil application on top of the board before the appropriate court sees such matters on the date fix that is 21st January 2021. lead counsel for both the parties have assured that they would not see unnecessary or undue adjustments, but would cooperate in the hearing thing, which would be in the interest of the dealership consider observing, the petitioner voluntarily pays this amount. The corporation will not refuse it. We are not forcing the corporation to accept it. It is for the corporation to accept or not to accept. anyone you want to deposit you attended, the corporation will decide on its own whether to accept your tailoring of IDs, you tend to Yes. I am I'm quite certain that we'll tender it. And I'm quite certain that some officers sitting somewhere will say no, which will really be of the burden of everything except buying the draft. That is the cost. May I leave your Lordships with the, with the thought that it's wonderful to see the wood paneling behind your Lordships? Yes, yes, you begin cold Yes, that is why these are baby steps and we think we are happy that they are in that direction. We are proceeding in that direction and we are much obliged dude, we will see you across here soon. romantically right. Thanks. Next is Mr V and C. Prior to Metro may be open, I am a requester. Yes, matter is settled between the parties. Very good. pending litigation before the depth security barrier was withdrawn by the appellant bank is opened up for rupees I have accepted and it will be deposited on or before 13 June. So in view of the same page, there is no cause he survived the state appeal, sir. So it may be disclosed in your submission made. Very good. Thank you. Should we and save UK learned counsel for the appellant at the outset states that the parties have settled their score outside the court. And in pursuance to the same, the bank has already withdrawn the proceedings before the debt recovery tribunal. I have I have secured as an application that I have withdrawn the appellant hence the appellant has withdrawn the securitization application preferred before the debt recovery tribunal. Take and according to the terms set, the payment would be made in due course of time, place in view of the same sheets. submit that this appeal, maybe it was just not pressed. The appeal is accordingly dismissed as not pressed alliums medical vs. Civil applications of disposal for your exam. Pretty much Yes, yes, sir. But by way of this petition challenges the value of Section 19 of the SME act 2000. And also the award passed with SME facilitation Council. It did nine 720 20. But article 227 of the Constitution of India relying upon the judgment delivered by this honorable court. My father, mother versus Council of arbitration was decided on 30th July 2020. By this very dishonorable court has held that the arbitration is a quasi judicial proceeding, and article 227 is subject to superintendence power under Article two. With respect to the constitutional validity of a section nine is my respectful submission provides for an onerous condition or deposit of an amount of rupees 75% of the entire award, passed by the msme facilitation council renders the right of filing an application to challenge the award is nucleatum an illusion or not just point out the provisions of msme facilitation of the award of via county counsel is like a money degree. Please, yes. Now, if you want the money degree, are you not required to deposit the entire amount as according to CPC only? My Lords. So here you already have a liberal view that 75% is not the entire amount. My Lords are, in fact 70. Without Yes, the contention is this that without the positing the amount, the board will not be in a position to hear for me, I take my lords to the relevant section. And I also rely on the judgment of Supreme Court in malaria chemicals were in a similar provision under Section 72 of the Supreme act, reading for 75% of the deposit of the amount was declared to be unposted. It can be on watch, it might just take to the mobile app. But before that, another contention is that the msme facilitation council conducts the conciliation before taking up arbitration, now the same msme facilitation counseling also conducts the arbitrator. Now, it was procedure prescribed for conciliation is under the msme Act is that the provisions of Section 65 to 80 of the arbitration and conciliation act will be applicant. Section 80 of the Act says that the conciliators, if they have acted under the consideration, they cannot act as arbitrator. Second under arbitration and conciliation act section 12 plus five, which provides that if any of the provisions of sheduled seven or have you participated in the arbitration proceeding, or you have not participated and watch the conciliation failed arbitration was not unfair on your part to have participated and now challenging the authority of the council or the members of the arbitration board or saying that they were not valid members. Your Worship? Yes, you would have taken that objection in the beginning is my thoughts. In fact, what had happened in the arbitration proceeding is that I submitted an application for leading of evidence on that application was not decided no hearing was afforded. In fact, it was an expert in order because I was not even a representative when to submit the statement of defense. And all that is the final argument was to read in the absence of a lawyer, and therefore you're not sick, I was not given a fair opportunity, the provisions of the principles of natural justice are not complied by the arbitral tribunals. That is another context for the third contention that I'm raising is that the tribunals does not even have a judicial member as a member I'll be at facilitation council management and we have page 147. The logic make it secret 737. The persons who have passed the award. You're not sure about Chairman Ms. FC. That is the enterprise facilitation council commission. The chair for Chairman, please welcome. The next member is member Secretary nsfc. Joint commissioner of industries Ellison. Ford is a member MSC. But without, because otherwise, a member is a judicial member who would mentioned that he's a judicial, or judicial memories educates adjudicating a quasi judicial function, which is a statutory form. And you're watching. I understand that I was I was I filed my statement of defense before the arbitration. So even though I have submitted but it is, in fact, Your Worship, I was not aware that there is no members who wish or kindly see what has happened. And you're watching the conciliation failed. And can you see what please 90 maybe he should regressions in your filing your objections? I'm sorry, I did not hear you raise all these objections? Yes, in fact, we have raised my voice, let me see page 118 was my application for permission to lead evidence and grant an opportunity for final year that was not even decide. remedy against the award, please. Yes. Now, that is the difficult question why you are here before us is that you say that the budget of 75% is to order that therefore section 19 may be declared to be ultra varies, please refer to my notes mccamley see page eight, page 10 may be seen section 19 is pre application for setting aside the pre award or order can be made on the completion of the petition. Yes, application for setting aside decree our honor, that is section 91 application for setting aside any decree award or other order made either by the Council itself or by any institution or center providing alternate dispute resolution to which our reference is made by the Council can be entertained by any court unless the appellant not being a supplier is deposited within 75% of the amount in terms of the decree or as the case may be, the other order in the manner directed by such food provided the training disposal of the application to set aside the interior or the portion owner that such percentage of the amount deposited shall be paid to the supplier, as it considers reasonable under the circumstances of the case, the precise condition has to be my contention is that without deposit of the 75% of the amount, the court cannot entertain my application for now, these food because your worship time you understand I am also an MSN. Now the center act is connected in order to enhance and provide competitiveness to msme sector considering that it is a very important sector for the job. Now, therefore, if msme is directed to deposit without which an order which is completely erroneous, repeatedly illegal, and without which the court will not entertain my application. I'm also an onerous condition which would be unfair, unreasonable and excessive. And therefore my submission is that this this can be this section does not provide for an exception to an NSF or it also does not provide any awards for waiver or even considering that in certain certain certain special circumstances that this can be waived or it can be decreased. Because surveys he also noted section 18 now provides that that can be decreased to 25% section 72 minutes we're trying to see if we read two paragraphs of the judgment of Maria tokota read my petition at page 35. Section 90 this condition has not been challenged so far. Please my lords. This This was challenged before Kerala High Court is hella High Court in its judgment has held that he appealed the motion just before the point of the meridia chemical opposite which is to deal with msme agriculture directly I forget my goggles, please my notes and I was like yes, please do not take any matter of challenge before our own high code in our own High Court has upheld this particular condition. If I may just pass on the citation. Aya 2015, Gujarat 114. It is Navy enterprise limited was The state level industrial facilitation Council and various other High Courts including honorable alaba called honorable Delhi High Court and honorable Bombay High Court as well as camera honorable Kerala High Court has upheld this condition. Yes Mr. But with respect to Caroli poor judgment are quoted in my petition and respect to Buddha, I go, I will go through the different pilot, my friend has given our Kerala high court judgment says that an appeal the light given under the statute, now, with respect to this finding of the Kerala hypo Yamaguchi my respectful submission is that an application for setting aside of a decree or an arbitral Award is not enough. So, therefore, a statue it is not a right leader of the statue though, section 19 says that I can file an application per se it is not enough. Second, the provisions of arbitration and conciliation act apply. So therefore, setting aside of arbitral Award is also to be filed under Section 44 language section 19, of MSS or section 36 of the arbitration and conciliation act also provides my word for any symptom or condition to deposit. What it provides is that when filing a married section 36, across three, upon filing of an application under subsection two for steel, the operation of the arbitral go on the court may subject to such conditions as it may be free grants to the operation of search or work for results to be recorded in writing. So therefore, even Arbitration Act does not provide for deposit of 75%. Right, that was me being as special as the provisions of the msme Act will prevail. Procedures right under the Arbitration Act will be followed for that purpose, where the MSB Act has been specially provisions that would be one of these, so therefore, it has to be under Section 19. But now, Mr. Davi has pointed out five High Courts who have already decided, upheld the worries of Section 19. For me, I just go through the judgment, because I like to be in case there is any point that I was not seeing or may not like I would like to go through it and then submit if there is anything more that I would like to add, I would submit otherwise, my first contention on constitutional validity. Ultimately, if my lords are not inclined, then at least under 227, this entire award is arbitrary. Your watch it without considering principles of Supreme Court has said very limited interference in arbitral. proceedings. Did you read the judgment? These this honorable court by God's judgment also in Nevada, Texas, that superintendents power does not go or go but ultimately what happened is everybody takes the metro dismissed. Now I've gone through that although the principle that is being held is applicable in my case, as wherever everybody was doing arbitral proceedings, no interference input is equal to two to seven, underlay something very blatant than very rare metal may require some interference normally No. So you can read all these points before the court wherever you are filing your objections. May I just go through the URL, Verizon menopausal you know everything that you you will not believe that you will not know about the Google headquarters. You are very well aware of all the admin you will find out journalism, you will definitely have gone through the user journey. Just taking instructions on that. Repetition we can allow you to make magic instructions with regards to what do you do you tell us please, great. may leave with the kind permission of Yes, probably not. These elections Yeah, there's lots of this and contempt application against the judgment of the learned single judge when in regular regularization was granted to the petitioner. The operative motion is at page 13 Better time. What is the date of the judgment? The date of the judgment is 24 December 2019. More than one year is passed, if you notice is for the last six weeks. We've tried to get the Jagga Yes. Mr. VMs. I will begin yes mailorder. File two separate petition. Yes. Thank you very harshly. We get our Merry Christmas. Yes. We got another content listed on fourth Milan for January and Milord. leads to issue noughties want and returnable on 12 February Milan against the same responded to authority Milan. MC in the devil for 12 February Good lord Malou Miller. Yes. Welcome. Yes. With the show. Yes. See the number 12 minutes? Yes. Yes. Now the order is at page eight. All right. this past Sunday the 24th of September 2020. Magic question Lhasa kindly turn to page number. notices. Please. Now leave my last. Yes, please. We know today we are issuing notices in both the metals. Yes. Yeah, this 3d application for direction molars it's been filed by the original claimant, petitioner, to demonstrate before your dishonorable code the order city of Marathi acquiring body, not all the necessary statutory proof procedure has been followed meloche even milada award has been declared my law it has been stopped at the state that acquiring body is not depositing the amount. So, my statutory notice has also been sound upon the acquiring body but Miller's no response whatsoever has been coming for. No provisions have been finally decided not to be it has been decided with the observation. As a researcher effect Milan's the lens of the present applicant came to be acquired on the permanent basis metals, and all the necessary proceedings have been completed, but molester acquiring bodies not depositing the amount. Why don't we find the MCA here, you're launching a place to direct the respondent author acquiring body to deposit the amount you need to file a patent application for that human because that because the order is not directed, I mean, there is no specific direction in the order that formula is the direction the application is emitted from paragraph number 18 minutes. However, in the present proceedings, we are not inclined to take final decision on search issues. This is for the reason that we expect the land acquisition proceedings to be over within a couple of years melotte. As noted, the government has given time of six months to the Social Impact Assessment study team to submit its reports from the date of the notification dated 18 one 2016. Once this report is submitted, the statue envisages a maximum of 11 months between Section seven stage and publication of preliminary notification under Section 11. Thereafter, also as per section 25, the final report would have to be passed within 12 months of the from the publication of the declaration under Section 90, failing which the acquisition would let does this stages would have to be completed within timeframe provided under the statute. The petitioner have voluntarily handed over the this is with regard to my last day issue in that petition is with regard to my lodge the wording of the landing indefinite period on in for temporary acquisition meloche we had a mutually fixed at the relevant time in the interregnum period of couple of years. Therefore, we would not like to drastically change this trend formula. Nevertheless, we noticed that the rent revision was granted on 110 2014. Currently, therefore, this petitioners are receiving rent at the rate of rupees 18 per square meter, in some cases at the rate of 20. Considering the facts of the case, therefore with the fact from 112 1016, the OCC shall pay rent to the petitioners at the rate of 25 per square meters per annum which will operate till 31st while 2017 and would thereafter be reversible. If the land acquisition proceedings are not completed by the end of the year 2018. It would be open for the petitioner to files fresh proceedings for such relief as maybe advice whereas in my case, my lawsuit acquisition proceedings was were already commenced my Lodge. In fact, mullahs award was also important conclusion is important if it is not concluded then you need to find a resolution for the digital because because in order to ensure expeditious proceedings land acquisition proceeding yashima Please turn to page number 27 of my petition is last three line. Though it is already stated so before us by the count, I married number 27 mil is that relevant finding by him would this application though it is already stated so before us by the Council for the OMG thing we direct that when we shall file undertaking before this honorable court latest by so and so that such payment would be made to the government. As soon as demanded. The government of Gujarat may further required winchelsea to exit An agreement to this effect is so desire this direction are issued in order to ensure smooth progress in the acquisition proceeding initiated by the government. Now molars in my case of what was already declared meloche on 1111 2019. Now molars it is upon the OMG se to act upon that and deposit the amount. notices were also served upon my clients by law to receive the payment. Who's stopping you from receiving the payment? Because Mel is doing this is not depositing the amount before the special land acquisition officer. Though the special land acquisition officer has made demand of Dynamo by making award mallards the amount for separate deposit then there is on 31st it has not been deposited and demanded has been demanded but it has not been deposited Your Lordship. It is my my lords that my client has issue statutory notice that is at page number 44 to deposit the amount that has not been even and acted upon. file for his petition filed a petition the Liberty was granted to you by the division bench in his judgment on third second Of March 2016. You find a fresh petition and pray for us as religion may be required along with damages and interest in whatever you will be transferred to good amount of interest because of the delay. Otherwise from the bank or any deposit you will get 12% 15% interest. And my my only limited prayer is Milan that the direction given by the earlier bench molars that has not been complied with. Because we're not traveling as hardware 73 with the learned counsel for the applicant. By means of this application, certain directions have been prayed for Miss red being the nature of modification in the judgment and order dated second Of March 2016 by which a group of special civil applications were decided including the present special civil application in which the civil epic MCs vote was not considered opinion the division bench in his judgment dated second March 2016 granted Liberty parties to take first steps as we be advised to file first proceedings as will be advised as contained in paragraph 19 of the present application for direction will not be meant to enable the appropriate course open to the petitioner applicants would be to initiate fresh proceedings in case any of the directions are not complied with or any fresh cause of action as a result. application is accordingly dismissed with Liberty with observations made and maybe at liberty to file manage fresh because this observation and liberty the Liberty please or not you I mean literally millenial Yes. Next is Ruben Baba. Look this is an LPA challenging the order passed by the learned single judge refusing to entertain the pre pre execution petition under File by the appellant plot. I am seeking some times A combination in the matter because I have to show to your Lordships a few judgments of honorable supreme court. The court has held that since in absence of any order court would not interfere as held by the division bench in the LPA only to meet with that I have to show your Lordships few judgments if my lodge can only keep it after a week or 10 days if you only request Advisory Council for the applet list after two weeks oblige my lots I'm deeply grateful you ever been in the State of Israel these are gonna advance copies of the upon me, please restrict me particularly BGP is a fear for the state. No matter what. Yes. Michael, what's up? What's up on the previous date of the hearing, my Lord was convinced that this is the misuse or abuse of the OSI, my lord. But Mr. Devaney is not the copy of the SCSI supplied on the same day model is based on the single ephi and pass outage path after six and a half months of the registration of the five mile. Look order guide. 441 2020 dujon means no. Earlier order of December 2020 November 2020. Hi I'm Luca, not December 2020. In January for January 2020. Milo, irony number nine Lord set of CMI. Number nine, civil application DS start from page number six looks good. No. Only one thing essentially is not telling the order of detention. He's only telling the order of London single judge in civil application, which said that the matters will be listed in Syria. That order is under challenge before lordship therefore that order is not because ultimately, those matters are always in Syria term that order your oxygen do I would normally or you're not sure not to disturb it is that order, but receives a call for the main method and receives well considering it finally, because today, even 22nd of September, matters are on board as far as post detention is concerned. Therefore I'm not objecting. If it was January February, then I would have certainly brought to the notice of Lordships here is not a detention order or an order of learned single judge confirming that order refill nacelles It is only a civil application, which is that I'll decider applications in Syria term there is no great urgency as far as there is no extraordinary circumstance that you pointed out for listing automata This is the personal question of the personal liberty only I understand it but I'm only bringing on the extraordinary situation whether it's the peculiarity Is this the order is passed without hearing the affected person minor decision against the principle but I this is the first matter of pass up with me. I am surprised that the detail was not heard before by The order might otherwise we have not to vary the requirement of hearing the reason you order. It is only to be sorted but first I'm sorry, I'm not pleased. Have you ever heard CBM see BB Agarwal, lead counsel for the appellant and CDM. They have nanny learned ADP for the state. What matters is a 99399 for those that both arises from the same effort both at the same rate of 999. By our order dated for 120 21, we had required the land council to provide copies of the petition to Sri Danny and in the meantime she the attorney was to obtain instructions with regard to the basis for passing the division order, she there's only has nothing further to add. So intervention order have been passed on the basis of a person over solitary first information report. We printed dated 432 1025 March 2020. Under Section 320 23 505045062506, and 112 and 114 IPC section 40 of money and interest, and section 14 of moneylenders money Lending Act, money laundering. money lenders act 2011 moneylenders act 2000 level, check me out, I was at moneylenders, I probably sit at dinner. Yesterday was that state moneylenders act 2011. The only allegation in the Empire was Galaga. that I have, I have given the money and I have charged more interest. That's the allegation that he had loaned money. He had given money as loan to the complainant and was charging higher rate of interest high rate of interest higher a higher rate of interest. And in the process of realizing his money, he was threatening the rate. On set solitary, if I add the provisions of the Vasa act were invoked, that a concept submits that the detention order and the passing of the levy invoking the powers under the SEC is not tenable at all in law and would in fact amount to an abuse and curtailment of personal right of personal liberty of the ability. Yes, please the lines upon division bench the advent of this court and be a tight knit it to 12 2020 as an LPN number 898 of 2020 comma jignesh hi mansukh. My Patel was the state of Missouri. It has been specifically held relying upon several judgments that are solitary incident and that to which does not disturb the public order, cannot be missed basis of passing a detention order. It is also submitted that the detention order was passed on 20 292 1020 To 920 20 after more than six months of the first information report, this ground has also been considered in the digital environment up to 2020. We find no reason to take a different view and accordingly allow this appeal as also the repetition and of course it retention is different. The petitioner shall be seated Liberty forthwith civil applications and disposed of direct service permitted for skipping a paragraph Lubyanka after counsels name. Joe is a paragraph to enter up page six pages with those with details of the challenging the order of the single big medical smell. Yes, registry may be directed to send directly to the concern authority through fax or email. The order the copy of order may be communicated. It receives a copy of the order. Lots and lots of like lots of I am obliged. I will take the direct service. I'm grateful. With Lord permission May I take your leave lots of us lots of time of late we assemble at 230 is my Yes Mr. Bird wants to take instruction is not there in the waiting room not just metate one matter in between I'll ask him to join in stay in the waiting room doctrines if it is convenient, please merely Rogers University, please thumbs up Mike and we've got, oh, we've got DJ and you'll be gone he may have gone this is I can understand if some illiterate litigant coming from rural area is taking a defense that I don't have recourse you have the status coming with a case that we don't have notification under Section four under Section six, everything is washed out in theory. The replays are personal to the disposal of IBM ptsn and the finality of the revenue proceedings before the learned Secretary appeals. The representation was made in the year 2011 before the state government file was moved, internal correspondence were exchanged. And they could not find notification under Section four six award under Section 11. satisfying even themselves that the land was in fact adequate. They even the reputation arising from the order passed by the revenue authority refer by the owner of survey number 31. Normally when the learned single digit is directed the length State Government to file an effort to show data how big we have acquired this lead till date that has not been page 144 I have produced that order of the London single No, you are saying that your land has been taken away my land has been taken away you'll date there is nothing nothing with the state government that it was in the year 65 or because I look under the Act of 2013 I can understand the query what we query up to mobile code, if the purchase and is taken and the compensation is not paid, then I am covered by section 24 of the act of 2013. We are not covered. What's that? Right. There cases representation was made their cases a lot simpler. Can you see section 24 regarding do not file a petition for some roving inquiry or something to try and fish out. Therefore, we have to come up with an application. I understand Therefore, our approach to state government with every presentation that is unnecessary, the state government intelligible would my file and could not find anything that how the end what manner the land was acquired the land till date, which there is nothing on record to show that land has been acquired? No notification that in Section four, section six, nothing new covered under Section 11. Except where mutation is the revenue record? My senior may not give the relation of the state government to some illiterate man. I would only or you're not. I'm not sorry. That's what I'm sorry. My friend will not will not make returns at least model what I'm submitting. What else? With respect I'm submitting I can understand if some indeed indeed a political come before the court. Government state government I'm not. At my age what stays open like this. with great respect, sir. There are instances that we are not running away from anything the moment there is an order from your Lordships will come with everything, sir, but 65 I'm obliged, sir. I'm sorry. That that comparison with what my friend says to the state because I am offended by that with my friend. Yes. 2011 I am running with the state government I'm pursuing to the state government. Mr. Garvey 2019 lawsuit my candidacy you may be running last 10 years is not relevant question is 1965 land was acquired. Now you our land was acquired that is the case of the state government or case your land has been taken away 1965 Today you count even if it is not acquired, we will not interfere? Page 164 page 164 kindly because anytime you like after 3540 4550 years you're cutting losses my candidacy is a lot simpler. Can you see I am just full submission before your lawsuit paid or my loan will be paid to withdraw it withdraw it otherwise we will this will cause after 55 years you cannot wake up and say that I have some rights here in this land. My Lord sigma Can you see page 164 page 164 kindly be seen for my satisfaction before my Lord can rally what is their 184 164 I'm sorry, page 164 that is the letter written by the landlord so of revenue department to the learned collector pursuant to my represent us and what's it make it easy? This is dated first April 2019. wearing it says like this that that days leave but that's what I put in front of me. You wake up after 55 years and you say you have to make Can you see mutation? You only Dr. 94 the mutation was made in the a person to the applicants and submitted by the magnet video to mutation was named and that entry was challenged by the owner of survey number 31 obliqua. We after the disposal of hardware peaty serve you are pursuing v3 presentation to the state government or sigma candidacy page. 44 better you it is better Did you continue pursuing before the state government and not come to this court? Not my difficulty only as recently there was a news Indian newspaper that they are going to establish new Punjab we move district Panchayat building therefore I have come people, otherwise I was since 2011. I'm proceed with the state government version of the land purchase. At present the PFC was input Primary Health Care Center was in possession of the land of survey number 31. Primary Health Center, the service member, Nazif mechanics are what is regarded as a naval in that is LASIK. NDC. They are the word if it is just before the learned single just challenging the orders passed by the revenue when you take an entry has been confirmed in favor of the state. Yes. So make choices yours you want to determine. My request is otherwise there is a special CBD application is pending before the learned synchronizes challenging the orders passed by the revenue authority for appropriate civil application before the learned single leg a way that we that Liberty not sit may permit me to do you don't need any liberty to approach there you withdraw this petition and you I'm not in view of this I am sorry. You may apply for a single whatever relief you want, you are free to do that in the mamlatdar proceeding. Owner of the survey number 31 oblique one before the learned single judge challenging the revenue proceedings. The petitioners before my Lord as the owner of survey number 32 or 31, object 231 public three and 31 oblique four are also would like to go before the condensing budget or filing the appropriate application in pending ptsn why unbendable in 31 upon one Why should 31 upon two three and four who then I would question my replacement is and I will I will pursue my represent is your default is whatever remedy is available to you do whatever you like that only representations were made. file was moved from one table to another table of the state government and the state government as per the internal correspondence. The moon notification for six or the hour under 11. Lucky she Nilekani learned counsel for the petitioner after I went to Summerlin state that this petition may be dismissed as withdrawn leaving it over to the petitioners to avail such as a remedy there may be available in the law include lots of messy including civil applicants and otherwise it would be difficult to convince Linux it is your problem Mr. Gandhi how you convinced that if you have a right you can always maintain a distorted view not coming my way pilings? no no what is the civil civil special civil application about you are not a party they are you want to produce or including the status of sufficiency. All orders have produced including status we're not interested in those proceedings you do understand restricting your rights availing any other remedy, your welfare remedy whatever you have only one request, Laci am also a serial number. This metric is low and dumb. I am also a serial number 25. In any case, while I may wait for my time, Lord may request you wait weird, there are a good fix for 230 we need to take up those matters first. No, no, I would be grateful. Yes. Man, you might. Yes, please. Yes, Mr. Dovey, what did your friend tell you? purchase? He informed me that he is joining in. He was there, but I think there is some technical snag with this system, not just this technical snag with this system. Let me admit him again. He's Yes. Yes, my doors that now I can get my nose I'm extremely sorry for keeping my lots waiting. In fact, I was just taking instructions some time. I have taken instructions with regards to challenge to the constitutional validating. And I've also gone through the judgment now. While we do not press with respect to the constitutional mandate, but with respect to Article 227, I just have one submission if it appeals to my lords may just give me please my lords. Yes, please. My Lords. Yes. Yes, please. That Liberty may be given. So what I will send this matter only to single please matter. Yes, please. Which is different. Please my notes. I do not mind if my lords take it up. No, no, no. Why should you take a single advert? Yeah. I was lucky. She didn't give but learned counsel for the petitioner. Submit that the relief Hey, if you are doing a B and C, D and D, AB relief A and B and would only be pressing for relief C and D. What you're seeing on the other end, antivirus Lordships CMD will also be covered ABCD please. Then what will remain? Nothing remains understand my respect from severe CFD, because I think that the council cannot take up seriation and arbitration. So that would be covered under 227. What's going on go together? My Lords say I'm not putting the constitutional validity of Section 19 rest of the Yes. You're relieved only insofar as he onwards will survive. Because you are the arbitral Award on various grounds of opportunity and other things that only you can challenge or you can judge the award also on non construction of a proper arbitration Council. That will be tribunals A B and C and D We are deleting your words. Examine is yes. Right. Please challenge me maybe Traditional validity part only, and rest may go before. So with respect to constitutional validity, I may not press rest of the actually what you're bringing in CMD, and also would amount to some kind of a challenge to the worries of provision, you say that 2x one is contrary to the other. So what do you mean by that? There is a question, how can that be declared? It has to be declared one of the axes is the other, whichever Attica superior x? Do? You want to read down certain provisions and it is different, please, it's not always you withdraw this petition and file a fresh petition because things will get better. You mentioned, like these miners, but maybe you were lucky. Should we submit that, in view of the challenge to the worries of Section 19. Constitution, the constitutional challenge to the constitutional validity of certain provisions of the msme Act, having been given by the petitioner is somebody permitted to withdraw representation with liberty to file a fish petition challenging the award on admissible grounds was awarded me this particular this visit with liberty is great for subsea Jamie. For a patient that deeply applies biologic Can I get my senior enlisted or attended by your senior and Miss Gupta Milo's? And these are the matters, I was saying to the IGP of the phcs. Yo, Sr is not there in the waiting room. Please. Yes, 100 versus a do we wait for your scenario or we proceed with the model. I was informed that she's in the waiting room only. I maybe just given 30 seconds to a certain whether she's coming or not just 30 seconds balance. She is not there in the waiting room question. How do you find out just Hello, she's coming manage. She should be in the waiting room in a few seconds. All right. Let her join 

