Please what's up Mr. nanavati he's in waiting if he may be permitted not on my behalf You got it. You want to wait it is there it is already there in the meeting and our team meeting if we permitted blood on my behalf, you give us lots of great it is there it is already there in the meetings is immediate if permitted. mentioned item number one. What would you say the PSA is filed by the SOC somebody mentioned Item Number one is filed by the SOC item number one number one I think that's better now. It's an RD Can you hear us? Yes, ma'am. How are they now you make your mention ITEM NUMBER ONE while I'm mentioning this is the Pl. by the Association of all the law colleges in the state of Missouri, challenging the bar Council of India circular letter of February 2020 melody similar repetition is already fine. And the order came to be passed. I already sent a copy to the lender bench Club by the division bank consisting of justice padula and justice vara. That is indeed a petition filed by the sum of these two Damn, and the order is dated 18 December 2020. Now, no matter where notices issue is going to come on board on 12th of this month. So, my request that these matter may be circulated to be hauled along with that, but honorable by virtue of Jessie might have to pass some water because this is bi L and that matter is repetition. So both these require to be held together by these honorable these bench or the whichever Oliver team does it being paid for that matter is listed on November on before Justice Party could also be a yes or no, that is the PR that was pa l but it was converted by by law to honorable banks into reputation as new number is given in specialty of 16913 of 2021 6913 2020. Very late, this mother was acquitted on January then we'll see what needs to be done. There are no objections in your matter. No, no office is already here. What was the budget of like a baby permitted? Next is Mr. Pollack. Yes, Mr. Murray Bismillah. I mentioning CL number 65. In today's board, my lord priority in this matter. This honorable court has been pleased to grant an order of status quo quasi construction, which is there on the property in a pile. Lots of that order was passed on ninth of September. The Case of the petitioner was that the construction is on the riverbed and therefore, the construction should be stopped. I have filed my reply be back in September 30. In October, sorry. There has been no rejoinder. I filed a civil application for vacation or steals that has also been disturbed. It's not heard today, my lord The problem is that the construction costs talk there is material which is present on the site, there is an expenditure which is also being incurred for the rent investigates my lord Miss pleased to see up effort My Lord gives priority. We can debate in your matter on your receiving application, but it cannot be heard today. There is no such great urgency the September entry model is continuing and after four months, certainly something has happened at the recipe taken a lot of difficulties that today because of the material which is there on the on the site, I'm incurring a rent of 78,000, which I've already paid. Now, though, I have purchased the property actually on a price of say one lakh 66,000 rupees but I paying more rent on the on the property in case if you're not ships, it is it is Mr. Zero 65. Today, please, madam who appears for the petitioner? Mr. I'm sorry, Mr. We shall meet up Yes. You inform him that this matter is taken up at 1:30pm I've already in fact you would be on dimensioning also because I informed him the dimensioning the matter therefore, he's there on dimensioning Mr. Vishal Mitra you're deceiving us there we will you see them Mr. Mehta, Mr. Mehta, we can you hear us Your voice is not coming. We can't hear you. Now I'm audible. Mr. Baraka mentioned regarding item number 65. Yes, I informed Yesterday my learned friend that I'm filing my rejoinder and one draft amendment today before the honorable code. And the draft amended as regards the adding of one prayer in my petition and rejoinder to the reply file by my Leonard friend, because ultimately, he's saying that ultimately, he is not denying the fact that the entire construction was on the riverbed. But ultimately, it is upsetting the water filter. That is my case in the petition as well as I have a provision photographs showing that it is actually on the river an entire flow of the river has been obstructed by the construction made by the respond number seven. That is why I find my rejoinder to his reply, allowed me hear it because we have also shown photographs actually what the photographs hear stories of the water logging during monsoon in July, in the month of July, and then there is water logging near the area. But anyway, I've also put this photograph to show this construction exactly next to my construction site, which has not been produced, but I will show it My only difficulties today is because the incurring rain, either I may be allowed to remove the material which is on the construction site today. So that I don't have to pay that rent for that construction material which I'm borrowing Then who's stopping you from removing the material because of the Encinitas corridor pass today if I do something on the property side, because your logic is to pass an order of status quo, therefore, I would not want to we will take up this matter. On 13th at 11am, please. Meanwhile melotte because the order is passed by the honorable code for the state also to produce if state also could finally replace that on that date may not. First, first of eight MB Civil Code is passed in order asking the state to clarify the situation also. Meanwhile, Miss Partridge and Mr. Giovanni whoever is appearing in this magazine might not know that this matter is coming upon 13 to be taken up or delivered in all of you should be prepared and the state should also be ready with its epidemic on stand whatever it has Milord my in fact my seniors to assist your watches but will be yourself. Please. Yes, yes. Please say yes. To by mentioning matter that item 4444. What do you want? This is a fresh VI, Japan requesting for a short date and hearing on prior to date may not reach illogical in a special venture to 30. What is the orienting attribute is pending since a couple of months and it's not reachable and challenging Lady of toll on to state highways on the ground that the investment is now enough returned. Okay. Any any day theologically? No, no the state has awarded his investment at the airport. Yes. So we will have 113 13 please. Next is Mr. Deep chatting. I mean you're not deep. Yes plus. Yes. Let me see then. This is the main selling forum last video. application which is five years prior to locked out, the review is not sought in the order passed in meloche. LPL 2017 Yes, which not a special page has to be constituted as the judgment was passed by grace, honorable justice and justice plus question of loss made requests for summer read it because this is pile prior to lock down. And now the next recruitment is likely to take place. No one will have you moved in application on the administrative side God wants you to have dimension Plus, I have already filed the review application as well as data control is what most research original the nominations O'Hagan yoga practice will get on Friday, musical chairs while it increases in McGregor. It is 100 day after that and you will find a 22nd or 29th we will see the district placements and replay of lecture. I believe not Yes. This may look a lot safe recall before four months there was one pile that regarding the convict prisoners that time for surrender because of Corona issue may be extended. The honorable court was pleased to dispose of the matter with direction to make representations to the authority and then it was disposal. Now that representation was made, but no decision was taken. Therefore this press petition came to be filed. The petitioner is the advocate practicing Gujarat icon. Now, regarding the undertrial prisoners, they have already filed the application before this honorable court there are issues of Corona therefore, that period is required to be extended. But so far as Konami prisoners are concerned, no decision is taken. Therefore, this petition is filed, but not the persons who were granted these federal laws they are on extended period means that time more period then granted by the authority therefore, there is some urgency because they will be treated as f funding otherwise. Mr. Kapadia if they have overshot the period of payroll or the Liberty granted by the board or by the authority, then they are of course, wonders and the police has every right to arrest them whatsoever right but that matters not state file the epidemic there are problems of Corona in the jail. So it is applicable to both undertrial problem is everywhere in the world. So, are you saying Corona will not select only under time please? Yes. So the difference of status between undertrial and convicts, you cannot compare the Buddha in the same league. Alright, thank you some. So earlier a serial number it can be disposed off by Mr. company and odinson. If I leave it to the owner, you better leave it to the honorable person on some things usually. We leave everything may leave my Lord. I thank you. Okay. Next is government. machine. They're in the meeting. Please. Yes. Please, my lords, this matter and the next, as suggested by the honorable court Milhaud have served a copy to the other side into proper numbers have been allotted Muller to both these LPs and seeking circulation for Monday or Monday or Monday. Yes, Your Honor. Beyond this urgency, some urgency in the matter. The learned single judge has injected land proceedings at a show cause notice stage and one is the order relating to the order passed by the mother that there is an entire gamut of appeals Milhaud serious issue huge parcels of land use your property in both the matters to be read. So you inform them also that these matters will be yes. already live in January. So really, six times seven expensive. Yes. I may be permitted to leave, I'll rejoin Yes. Mila pledge apathy. Me Your next barber shop Mr. Shroff when a shop is different than actual shop these ones where there is no when a shop in the waiting room i melot melot says regarding silver 46 luster to the Emirates it's a fresh pair of models husband listed for three four times when it's when it's due to positive has not come up. It regards to right of decent oil COVID patients models I'm requesting for short accommodation because it is likely that it might not treat them with a special bench and this is COVID deleted so we will take it up to 30 you mentioned cover 230 along with the COVID pile placement here number 46 to 30 clinical details alright please I'm obliged that is listed that were taken by a special mention I attended please thank you yes mister Yes. Mr. B as your network is not strong enough to for appointment. We can't hear you did this he will application buttons to know the directions or not the regularization was paid for interpretation it came to be rejected. Now the government authorities as issued advertisement for appointments in grants in aid college is not a few 100 posts are advertised What do you want to know if not if the applicants could be absorbed in those colleges or not will make you try to persuade the honorable court to get ignored they have to do is you can apply your vision if you want to get elected whatever we are about that I will make an adjustment of this honorable court very now I'm not those lectures were absorbed. I'm not in granting yet colleges. But if I'm not that can be done in a patient Why should you honorable but not then anything an extra candidate convenient to you on 20th January I am going to general permission of the yes Miss Viola with empathy is there. Yes. Only for the limited purpose not this is a personal matter military while passing the order we are the largest single judges should we make a returnable loss on a particular date that is at our core. So you're challenging an order issues rule that I'm not challenging will never fall in love. I am challenging the impossible as usual. Usually the rule is not being made returnable will not matter directly to be heard in Syria team because as for the date of detention, the matters are hurt me lots of European laws in my case will not probably the dates when I'm detained below that date is already taken into consideration by the honorable cosmonauts rule How can the matter be finally heard without aggravating counter relativity? The order which is usually being passed by this honorable court in other orders may be difficult but it was particular judges person making a rule level and 60 days Wait What is that it's unnecessary. Because what happens because the other detention days 592 2020 if those persons will or they release those it causes chaos millets no no no individual case Some may be released ideas and we all are being heard as for the date of Syria, Tim Miller's right that is a buzzword. But again, we will be held up because of your data is not being heard. If you're only brought up this will not make any much difference. It will make a difference will never be my logic any of those basic instructions will or you begin on Monday you need to mention we will dismiss it as all matters are being given that is just being bicycle notes. If you don't find it in time you find it late then what happens? The note the notice will be issued later. Because you have come after four months, and today you say that no notice should be issued and only the first day matters will be heard because the second secret in my number has gone that would be unfair. Some are very poor because they forget about you have there is a system which has to be followed. And that's my last slide but because there are some people who do not afford me last time they were filing the representation which was to be decided by the advisory board and they waited for that will not bring this I know some indulgence by this honorable court because they are regulated. whenever it comes to you will see we're already have a filing number, get your objections removed, but this is your high court is known to be dismissed against a rule in a detention battle. Appeal would not be the appropriate Yes. Monday minutes, no less when my lords rulers may just seek instructions not in a minute will not how Yes. And you want to withdraw we will address today and today. We will dismiss him. Please. Please. And then you want I should immediately get into the queue jumper kampanye. Good job Germany. Mr. Mango. What are we not hearing to counsel we will hear you only English. We are not hearing Mr. Magana. Mr. McGill would have taken the chance earlier. Now that you have addressed the court you continue with your argument whatever you want to say. You want to take instructions on the dog the appearance. That was the time you had granted. But that matters are being heard infuriating promise. I agree. But only when your turn comes you filed a petition late. Now first. First Date issue notice coordinates of the people cannot be my last my last my right. The petition is filed late notice Firstly, we tried to file the representation that was not considered we file the repetition. Repetition is five minutes before the date of the security met. I mean, before my matter would come I would have come in seriatim five 920 20 is lost. Now Melissa, might not the honorable courts are taking up the matters. It will now reach me lots and lots within if it is applied with a single case. Early data. We agree we agree LPN at my Lodge, or at least also that it will be taken up in Syria in Milan. Mr. Deputy today you file a petition against detention and you say because the earlier matters which will file for five six months back they have they are being heard by the court because of the seriousness of date of detention therefore my matter should be heard today itself is that no i'm not saying that as for the date of sedate him I'm only requesting by law that instead of rule returnable eight to Miller's. My last my kindly say that it should be heard in Syria team. That would suffice because my make that request before the single judge not by filing an LPA Alright. So that was the time to not do anything we will dismiss. This is Unless otherwise I would not have not engaged Mr. McGee and Mr. Gowdy, no, of course. I bet my expenses you very well of course, move another application move another application before the learned single jet and get it fixed. All right, thank you. Let us observe that we will be given that I will prefer the application for fixing only date of hearing which may be considered as otherwise this person will suffer will also know you don't require this permission in LPA. My Lords because it is made to return ever late to close that is the difficulty will not make a request to the lender single judge on that day itself that might not be was being heard. Mostly did make molars but I don't know because we had made that because but in all the matters most the rule returnable was made on that day, which was in the on that day to make a fresh application. All right, thank you. My horse medalists it says appropriately engaged in fighting malaria. But he was setting a bad example Mr. Bertie. No. This was the model and keep insisting on the times manager Baga exhort Baraka quote auditor the DA Mr. Jeopardy has made it 12 times he will make it 100 at a time till such time the court passes an order because it will not be that Millers because all these velocity matters because the the orders which are being passed in pasa matters, because other deals will return label and to be heard in Syria to the Why not? Because matters here are entertained, even without approaching the advisory board. So therefore, they immediately come after the introduction. Now you have followed the correct procedure, all petitions which have where the petitioners have not appropriate by the report should be dismissed. If you have to get an Mr. Manga agrees we will pass an order in the LPA today itself, that nobody should be entertained where advisory board and central government has not been approved by the FDA, didn't you? Correct. So there's no problem then your request will be corrected for all times there will never be a certain problem. Because the petitions are filed without approaching the Advisory Board and the central government. That is a problem. That is why you are in trouble. And so you're in it, because those matters in which notices have been returned made returnable filings are now ripe for hearing. You have filed a petition in December or January and you want that your butter should be heard because September. I'm not saying that I may be given a priority or exactly that's what you're saying that that was a priority one is because of the date of detention. This time is doing followed. The second is the serial number of your petition. You filed a petition in December. Other petitions are filed in September and October which are now what you're hearing right now knows what it is can you tell us if we are wrong? My Lords I'm not saying that my lords are wrong. But it is entered as the date of filing of the petition also should be taken into consideration. Then there is no difficulty now. It is open for the lawyers to take up arguments with suits is fine. Tomorrow as a matter is taken up you will say this petition was filed in January and my petition is pending since October it has not been taken up but then they're not going to say because I am in detention since June but I have come to court in January they will be taken about the same way. practices you and Mr. Mangu Jr. and being unfair to the court. Yes. That is on the contrary taken is that I am I am written on fire 920 20 that data retention which is now being heard is 610 2020 And though I am not I have not been because it will make all the difference for you. Now on page 82 filed a petition on which date the court was in order for issue notice. The other is lots of busy Jamie lots of deserve 1512 2020. We don't have the prediction. This is a mentioning model which we are hearing for such a long time. Okay, what is the days 1512 2215 December 21 time before the court. The court has passed an order issued notice is not entitled to file a reply to the litigation matter will be heard on the same day the next day, the third day. Loves one minute because there is some misunderstanding because I thought that the regular board has started. You are mentioning on dimensioning board serial number eight a petition was filed Miller's late we lost on account of the fact that this petition petitioner is a very poor person will and will not when the papers are also given for filing the representation to the other advocate will not that is some, whatever has gone wrong has gone wrong, Jeremy loads. Melissa, these data potential of this petitioner is six 920 20 minutes Am I beaten on six 920 20 minutes notice which has been issued by this honorable court is dated 1512 2020 whereby my dishonorable court has issued rule making it returnable on eight February 2021. In all pasa matters, the orders which are recorded is no rule returnable date is being given will not the rule is being issued will not but simultaneously it is being said that it is being held that the matters will be heard in serial killers as and when to turn up. The petitioner comes as for the date of detention, that is how the matters are being heard. Because I'm not seeking priority will also attend seeking is that my matter may be heard as and when my date of detention matters are being hot reloads. That is only simple request which I'm making is very easy to find a petition and because my date of detention is six September and the matters which are being heard today are of 28 September detention therefore my matter should be heard immediately here and now unfinished. This is your argument. You that's what you're saying. As a reasonable time and not when you went to the state. Sorry, rejected. My Lord Michael is here it was on marital after it is circulated will be able to whenever it comes was a question we will see. We are not wanting any agency answer circulation. Please. Thank you very much. I'm sorry for the inconvenience. You say to me, or to the court but to your friends. You've taken the time. I'm also doing my duty. Everyone has to do his duty very well. We are always but the time is limited. Please well. Thank you. Me. Yes, you're not sure this is PL four illegal encroachment, which is rampant in and around village citadella. district by NASCAR into your lordship. I have made representations to respondent number two, three or four for this. I'm petitioner I'm on behalf of petitioner luxury with the petitioner what are the credentials of Yes, yes, you're not you? Yes. You're here's an agriculturist. Here's a good there must be a provision under the land revenue code or somewhere where you can apply to the mamlatdar or the deputy collector for removal of illegal encroachment. Yes, your logic be I have approached to respond in number two, three and four. I have made the representations but no steps have been taken to remove page number 26 to 37. Extra C is one representation or number of representation. Three representations before responding number four, respondent number three and respondent number two. Now who is the competent authority to deal with this encroachment over goserelin over public land dumping in absence of 1085 days a provision which says in absence of the chairman of the committee Do you have not been made a party district development video yes video in this district Development Officer lacz responded number to the date of this. What is your date of that? There is no date. Yes. Your chip. It's been six months, more than six months. Is there any proof of receiving that you have served it on the order it has been filed? After applying fixing stamp papers? I will surely put on record. Why don't you think all these things before you file a petition? You want a simple mandamus to the district development officer to examine your representation and take a decision on that, correct? Yes, you're not sure. Now Amanda was gonna be issued to a public authority provided you have a budget already and the authority has failed to discharge it up. Now, how do we know whether you actually approved the authority or not? But your lodgify made the representations, right? Nothing. Has anyone ever granted the petition update ever made in the petition prove a filing date? The date is even not mentioned in the representation? Well, you have to wrap it in your office. Right? Yes. This is a type copy all of these representations are prepared in your office when your client came to you and you will find the petition. Yes, no actually uploading the video. We have approached to do so. It's already been busy. Yes, yes. Your logic How many years have you put in in the provision not only how many years have you put in the provision 1.5 years 1.5 years was a senior Miss punctually. Miss. Director controlling? You did not discuss this matter without before firing. Yes, I have discussed you're not good. You show the value conversation to your senior. Yes, you're allowed to begin. We have heard Mr. Hoffner Lalwani, lead counsel for the petitioner. The limited request for us is for appropriate direction to the district development officer responded number to take an appropriate decision on the grievance of the petitioners relating to enforcement of public utility land by private respondent numbering 62, one is 458 50 years old representations are said to have been made and copies have been Unix. But since we don't find any proof of such submission of the representation to the district development officer, record respondent number two. We grant liberty to the petitioner to move a fresh representation along with a certified copy of this order before the district development officer has been on record for responding to whereupon he said authority shall get the same inquiry into and take an appropriate decision within a period of three months from the date of submission of such representation strictly in accordance to law. It has made clear that we have not entered into the merits of the matter. Hello chip Haile oblige may be permitted to leave. Yes. Thank you. Do you want to mention your partner's name that button up is Miss Potter Simmons. We copy yourself to E filing to us much bigger we're going to add Mr. D protect than it is up for the state response. Mr. Patel is not this particular name but it will be same yeah there's nobody Templeton's need epi right. Yes, Mr. Potato. This is one of four directions to decide the representative so my Lord, I learned since directed my lord with your to decide within four weeks decided Milan is not decided of this system we have you should notice in your notes you leave the room your grandchildren are making too much noise. Bye Yes. Yes. What does it matter? Well, this is a matter which was bought by Lordships before two days was in fact, the rejoinder of the original petitioner was not there in the file. Yes, I've submitted a rejoinder now before he lost his win. But in the civil court immediately on the next day, once I've read evidence, on page 46 onwards, my notes, my notes, learned and agrees my entire time address your losses, but there are two documents on which I niqua I request some instructions from the officers we're not i'm not praying for more time, Monday or Tuesday minutes. by Saturday, I'll take instructions, there are two documents which is placed on record which was which I did not have at the time of filing of the appeal. But now I'm only paying for two days time. I'm really sad. I have argued this matter on marriage, but I need to take specific instructions on two documents. If we agree Monday or Tuesday once you know they are in appeal. Yes. Therefore, let me complete my argument. I will take only 10 minutes by archangels Let it be a complete competitor agreement on one day while parties will alright All right. It's me Stan. Yeah. On the request for advice either made the rivalry GP list again on top of the board on Tuesday, January 2021. Yes, he wanted to take instruction, not monetary. Yes. I have filed my objection against a million dollar apartment second of January 2021. The law simply can't be done to be 56. Yes. 56 million. Yes. I hear the butter letter noted issued by the honorable court in the effort the DMCA for the complaint of the director issue but honorable quoting bcuc 1.6 of 2019 dated 23rd of September 2019. On the app the report on their path to regulation dated a second of January 2021. Betting pro and pro issued by the revenue department had been produced on record of the show until next payment of 857 enacted so and there were two melotte in this regard it automated that in the state or the regulation the respondent has incorporated block seven which is a good will darting in front seven eight and the applicant company will have to comply with the all the condition subject to with the current condition of horrid jamnagar had even it open, wide letter dated 972 1000 to one booja even 100 from jamnagar nanodrop better way an upper 30 gets a bit gray apparently there's a tonal balance and that's completely wrong. I say the honorable court issued a direction not simply your objection is totally frivolous. Rule one order of the court was that they will pass her or renewal your consider your rear of the lease in accordance with law keeping in view the opinion dated from 680 given by the collector ordering keep you in use the opinion given by the collector collectors opinion was not final binding or complete or combined. If they have added one more condition in while granting you lease How can you object to that? Well before a moment will anomala collected did not include that condition. How can the company do it now this is blossom begged me for a moment of laughter I thought he will have an ability to the laughter Can you see the paragraph I said honorable quality to the direction we are not satisfied by the content he challenged again. Lovely to have you complaints have been made. Now if conditions are added and I've got to deal with those conditions could not have been incorporated. You challenge it perfectly honorable honorably to see better my love novela the water benbella the lawyers more many lawyers are waiting for their matters. I don't want to waste your time outside in the market they are going to hold you up to hear me for a moment well I don't know where to get I'm laughing I don't know what bouton but honorable corner I already broke today's benefit law Family Law template to reveal a lot more now my grievance whatever I'm writing from 97 million now Milady in 2016 The Honorable code language single deadlift weight loss certified they typically have that I had to make for a while before doing my petition Miller economy coded pacifically objects FA certificate bottoms without that. Regarding the politics, you know, it all depends on whether the land falls under the bonnet area or not. That remains to be stupid on the record mill in the military launderable code had been pacifically made about observation in paragraph 36. It is not disputed as per the entire modern past but is the The only record on the one for 2010 97 Tea Party was directed to maintain Tim Cook and partition of the use of the land equation. According to the Vitis Naija partition of the land. St. Lando, the legally period had already been acquired in 2002. It is not disputed that the process of renewal leave is also pending for consider him before the state government. Under the circumstance the petitioners Tell me at liberty to take the necessary actions for the renewal of the US reportedly and his opponent alternative shall also be liberty to decide the issue in the dino leads of f&m at law mandates have been passed by the honorable code in mid 2016. Now, after the last entry to the page 60 vote will not be effective or laterality. basic formula Yes, this letter issued by the forest department last Tuesday, they dated 22 zero July 2017. And melodious pursuant to the order but returnable code in 2016 and melody is reproducible enter page next next period is different if only we could order ever Lastly, this is basic physics approved by kodagu cabana he gets half measures attorney meeting and Danny rocky data subnodes also into math, they are faltering domain name number which we still get number 123 697 until you cannot one curry Korean league victory new curry Armand are they 2017 they have a lot of different they loan lender and collector alternative collector opinion are they they cannot ignore the collector on the open the envelope with collector bait BPA reproduce and reciprocally report they will the letter of the word department will have the detrimental referring to the clerk and the one that will be required will detail for some reason the appeal to honorable court well there are the right to what I will do. What I found or whether I predicted in reply on behalf of respondent has been received. Also, we have heard Shree Avinash Tucker learned counsel for the applicant and Shri Steven Kotler. And obviously, she has no problem running linear DGP for the state or the opposite party state may stick in compliance with the directions issued by this court. An order dated second January 2021 has already been passed disposing of the application for renewal of lease also, the applicant seems to be aggrieved by certain conditions imposed in the renewal also, if that be So, the appropriate course open to the applicant would be to initiate fresh proceedings as in where they may be admissible and maintainable within contempt proceedings, the correctness of the renewal order cannot be determined. Also, the directions having been complied with this contempt application does not require any further consideration, notices or discharge application contained to record let's put them there they are waiting outside. Possibly, possibly, right. Yes. Now the next is Mr. Coastie and my senior will go to your senior role also within the railways. Is your senior playing some game on the mobile phone? No, no. In fact, she's reflecting in the flow. She has joined but she was busy on the mobile I thought I sent a message what was the first he was just perhaps reading those exam? The following tracking report card game or something on the mobile games when I was getting moved on YouTube my notes? Yes. so far is the grievance of the petitioner is concerned for rickshaw drivers not being permitted to fly? Yeah, you said you won't be taking section from the DGP Yes, I have taken instructions. We followed up also And actually what is asserted is not true. I've got pictures Milady visual you Gupta is added I would be able to demonstrate Milan with pictures taken at 615 this morning, that equal treatment is being meted out Milan to Ola, Uber, rickshaw drivers, all of them 10 minutes they're permitted to wait over there. In so far as melot parking is concerned, parking is not permitted will not not for anybody. Not Oh, I also need to bring one aspect to the notice of the honorable court in the year 2018. Not the authorities came up with a unified parking system at the amdavad railway station, which was with regard to a time based parking system if you if you stay there you park your vehicle for more than 1010 minutes you are required to pay for it will not fall which a pile came to be filed. Being pile number 70 of 2018. The the honorable court has neither injunctive nor granted any state. The present petitioner happens to be one of the petitioners there will not be see an apiary and that perhaps this petition is seeking to circumvent something related to a parking system we propose to a Milan introduce once the COVID situation comes to an end. Presently no charges are being recovered from any vehicular parking either through taxis, private vehicles or through rich us. But in a very near future Milan, this system is going to come back where they will be asked to make payments will not more than 10 minutes you're required to make the payments. Presently there is no restriction 10 minutes you're permitted to park over there. No 15 minute whatever it is, yes, whatever that is, and my colleague can share the pictures. I have the pictures mirror which you can point out because this Amina has also filed some instructions. Yes, sir. Sir. In fact, I will distribute your commercial manager Western Railway. Yes, sir. instruction from the respondent number two, factually what the petitioner is or what is not right, sir. Correct. Mr. Coastie. Why should your petition be not dismissed with costs? Sir, I have my petition is for the refurb. They are prohibiting our entry and GP said that the photograph today morning because the court has already taken cognizance before three days. This is a permanent today. Yes. So take the photograph. I'm not I'm not shaking. I am not seeking anything beyond the entry and exit of the excetera. I don't want to park one. Second. Let us know past the order. You have been granted the relief now. And they will continue to follow the same. Firstly, if the honorable court recollects I had taken instructions from the DGP and immediately made that submission that they are being permitted. I'm only reiterating what I submitted that this is not an afterthought. We get as it may I leave it to the honorable court. This is an afterthought because the notification dated 20th November has not permitted the auto rickshaw. This is the notification issued by the police. We have heard three gear Coastie lead counsel appearing for the petitioner about Miss Manisha love Kumar, learned government leader along with this Mr. shorea with Elena DGP for the state of Gujarat responding number one respondent number three and this one, and this one, number three, also one and three. And Miss arsena. I mean, when if counsel appearing for respondent number two, maybe a little bit manager and about the vision. board the learned counsel for the respondents have placed on record the instructions received from the competent authorities that is the Superintendent of Police Western Railway and the bar and the senior divisional commercial manager Western Railway endovasc. according to the instructions received, the policy has already been framed which will be in place for parking of vehicles and for the movement of the traffic near and around the amdavad railway station. Also according to the intersection the order lectures are granted entry. And they are allowed to wait for 10 minutes 10 to 15 minutes, as the case may be. and thereafter they have to, again take a re entry after exiting so that there is no clogging of vehicles and everyone gets a chance to serve the passengers. Mr. fausti submits that on the day when the petition was taken up, the auto rickshaws were being restricted but now they have been permitted. The grievance of the petitioner stands already not in between of the dictation of the order your siblings I'm sorry that the risk is and we expect the authority to continue with the policy of parking of vehicles and so that no undue hardship is caused to the auto rickshaw operators to get himself disposed off in your instruction manual. I want to say one thing Yes. See page number seven. Yes. In another pile, state is made a statement to provide the point what a parking 25,000 are you watching me kindly See, and my prayer is also there one prayer is also there for that garage in my candy see my prayer D you're watching me please correct the respondent as a new file submit the status report about progress of action taken in respect of the representation and parking facility for auto Xi in the city in the interest of justice paid number seven, the timely seat. This is the statement made by the learned GP in the PA number 170 of 170 2017 till date nothing has been worked out only for device candies given that what this is required for pursue that petition. Hmm that was my it was over my statement and file a contempt obligation. But it's a comedy reply then something can be done well, these are the poor drivers. Something or some indulgence of the court will work for them. Mr. Costa, do you have any idea what the railways has been doing and what the administration is doing for the railway stations it surroundings? How to manage traffic over there how to ensure parking for everyone for the passengers moving in and out of the station. auto rickshaws vehicles private taxis Ola Ola Ubers right everybody's cooperating sir they are doing their best under Cydia Hello Moto G. It is not required. There's already a statement made that they're coming up with a unified parking system construction is not to be made a lot of encroachment is to be removed. It is after What does I know diabet gurgi sorry Ba ba ba ba da JJA going to get the man is Bertie Manu petitioner gutnick Yamaha God God Am I going to die or a sir man? Gasol dude kediri mc n soft Keizer huh many many key life man yeah ground man ground God new ground me some jackass victim to previously complained about liquor ion stations holiday. Village allow me to dream Happy Happy party. Poker remember credit. Now there is a smooth way of the driver to move around. He says to get less aggressive. Yes, thank you. He's my loser. Yes, Amit is not permitted to leave. Mr. V de partie. What is the state of application for coordination of delay delay is of 385 days as far as the merits of the case is concerned. I'm not sure whether the honorable code completion has the MS amendment copy because initially, the petition was filed when seeking prayers, permitting the applicant, the respondent to appear for the physical test, that is the walking dead, this is a post of forest guide. This is when the advertisement was issued. When the test was conducted two folders one was the written examination as well as the subsequent test was there is the physical test. Now, as far as the rules that NBA advertisement was able to chances which was given to each and every candidate. The respondent did not remain present on the first round of physical examination, though she had cleared the written examination, that is how she was called for the physical test. So far as the first round is concerned for the physical test, the first chance she did not remain present. The second chance also, she did not remain present. So she filed a petition, therefore, this honorable court says, initially, the petition was disposed. rockness has been the authority to decide the application was that honor, the honorable court will find in a moment, that was special civil application 10161 of 2017. That the order is that mirrors page number 41. The petitioner initially is qualified the written test, first is the second stage of working test. She was not there in the first round or in the second round, then she filed a petition, the petition provision was disposed of allowing her to appear in the walking test. In fact, so far is the first petition to get a single judge if that was me, that is coming to the chronology. This she preferred initially a first petition was preferred by her that his special civil application number one in this matter, is in fact the directions which are issued that the learned single design that was initially that is on pointing or the crawler the first vacation she preferred, but as well, it was page number 41 is the order very well the authorities were directed to take her decide her application. Now portion to that direction, she had made an application and page 68 is the decision making is taken by the authorities that is on second of June 2017. Meadows may kindly turn to page number 68 Malzahar application was rejected after the order which was caused by the condiment course. Yes. Then the second version. Thereafter, she preferred marriage. Second petition, which is the present petition with civil application was also preferred by the petitioner man is asking her to, in fact, the appearing the physical test, similar as that into the model was passed by the honorable corporate is directing us to permit her to appear in the physical test. Now, in that direction, it was in fact absorbed by the largest single judge that that permission would not grant her any equity to claim the post as a matter of rights was pending that application she was she had undergone the physical test, and the subsequent to which was, in fact, the present petition pending the present petition to clear the physical examination. And there are some other directions which are issued by the learning single judge this kindly similar to page five. In fact, the directions which are issued in the civil application admin is reiterated in the first paragraph. The petitioner has to produce original advertisement and record the for the next bit of hearing considering the facts and circumstances at present, it would be appropriate to direct the respondents to allow the petitioner to compete and thereby to allow the petitioner to take part in the walking to be held on 30th June 2017. However, it is made clear that appearing in the test or even hearing such tests would not create any equity in the favor of the petitioner because of the pendency of this decision. They have to she underwent the physical test she cleared it and the direction which are issued by the learned individuals in the operative portion may be females result 20 the petition is disposed of in the direction that the petitioners case should be considered for appointment to the post of forest good and that shall be that infected issue. The lady Miss, she shall be posted if otherwise not ineligible. Maurice tiny abridgement our rights and contentions were at the time of civil application as well. Understanding the petition portion to the directions issued by this honorable court in civil applications she was permitted to undergo the physical test. Lots of current listen to Leonard is up for the state of Illinois, and Mr. Vitti party learned counsel for the private respondent. The letter finger that's paragraph six are the judgment that the petitioner having been permitted to appear in the working place by the court's order, and she haven't passed out would be entitled to reap the benefit there have and accordingly directed the respondents to consider her case for appointment before to prescribe. It is not an issue that the petitioner had earlier. He had the written test and was eligible to appear in the walking test. She missed out in the first round in the second chance of the walking test. For whatever reason, she approached this court that upon she was granted liberty to appear in the walking test, which she successfully passed. That we are the method we do not find any inquiry in the order winners will get warranting interference in the electorate and is accordingly dismissed. You like a note there are civil applications. With the next matter, I'm not arguing not I'm only submitting an order. This is yesterday's matter cover. I've just made that appeal is numbered as a number 3221. I've just read the order to the honorable court. Miss Ross, we are admitting the subpoena and granting an imprimatur Am I obliged to share the copy to my copy of the order the order to be dismissed like I don't have the money there is delay Yes sir. Yes sir. 89 is medically responded medically. Please. Here's what is next matter. This is a gal segment I will begin that it can was usually left over is I would not but I normally try to persuade the honorable cooter only on this aspect that the respondent he is yes, he funded his enclosure was also was pretty dang close when the government karbolyn. Spartak, where is this land situate? It is situated at the moment. It is the same exact Raj code and then within the visible limits? Yes. In fact, there's our sec case was that at any potential length It is situated at a potential a potential location where alternative land being provided came from exactly who that is how I'm pointing out that's precisely the direction given land. Where is the question of providing alternative land for that is that intrusive, you dispose it because you know, have you been able to run Nobody thinks that the eviction notices were issued way back to him in 1976. Was that eviction notice Milo's will find one of the eviction notices at page number 48. earlier also, as those proceedings were initiated by the authority that was initiated, that is way back in MLS This is a landlord's situated at wager Lam at Raj code. It's a land bearing survey number 122 124 admeasuring. Six both has. This was in fact a karabell and government lapse. And the respondent had melzi illegally encouraged upon this government land. Initially, proceedings were initiated under Section 67 of the Bombay land Revenue Code against the respondent, those who did not believe pending those proceedings, but as in fact he had given an application that he's encroachment be regularized. Now, in fact, is the authority had taken a decision matters portion to the government policy knows that that is the policy dated 15th of July 1988, which provides that in fact, the land is any potential land and it is to be reserved for the public purpose. Now, the hood this policy, but as the learned single said has been pleased to the directors to not only providing an alternative land and further with direction at page 85 may be symbols for Verity stated that without the due process of law, the petitioner would not be dispossessed and he is required to make an application for the minister regularization for the use of lawmakers will have questions or needs those proceedings up till SSID and what is the explanation given for this inordinate delay of 10 years. So, far as the delay is concerned, that is I I do not have anything more to substantiate, but we have provided the chronology of events which has taken place and mainly on account of the administrative the labor this appeal could not be preferred, but whereas on marriage we have a very good case and first direction could not have been issued by the logic single dismal to an encroachment in marriage paper submission will delay cannot be vitiate. The orders were passed against the writ petitioner in proceeding under Section 67. The appeal was dismissed the revision was dismissed. Yes, those orders also are most forming part of the compile ation. In fact, matters the learned single digit page s three of those in paragraph two that in fact his name is registered in the encouragement register maintained by Grand quinjet. So it must be audible good audio is on mute. I'm sorry, I could not hear the order passed by the honorable court Christine and caramels Aye Aye. We have said that normally we would have dismissed the delay condonation application and consequently we appeal on account of this extraordinary delay of 3452 days, but consequently, considering the merits of the matter, we are satisfied that is the fifth case in which we may exercise our discretion and accordingly we will notice on the delay and also the appeal and how you obliged we do not benefit we an enclosure or a trespasser by six acres of urban land in district Roscoe I'm obligated to oblige. The next matter is yours. There are two poll questions before this honorable person their legal issues, the land was actually an excess land was declared excess under the agricultural land ceiling act. This was given to the respondent for a specific purposes under Section 29 of the agricultural land sealing act was the two questions which were deriving these appeals were the marriage purpose permission adverse Firstly, whether it was divorced the provisions under Section 29 and 30 of the agricultural lancing act models could be responded with a strike for the land. The second aspect is the policy decision of the state government which in fact the bulk of change of the nature of 10 year intervals from agricultural usage to non agricultural uses. This ignoring these two aspects muzzle on a single project was allowed the petition and directed the respondents to decide the application formulas na must be given set for industrial use, you reject the application, if it is not permissible to know about melasma kindly see the appreciation models of the government resolution as well as the controversy in marriage before submission. Is this all right heard. For the state of Flint issue notice on the data condonation as also the appeal I'm highly regulations The next matter my colleague or business somehow connection probably got disconnected he's in the waiting room as Mr. leaves and may be done. Yes. Let's see the number eight I have requested for one accommodation. In fact my scenario is to assist your Lordships in the matter that is what instructions only one accommodation request. You have any objection? Looking on the request made by speaker list again on 20th January, I love these ones. I'm obliged to remember your unconscious of the fact that it is it is covered by my lord decision as I have forwarded the theme to the learned cost code master also, this is for the post of the nursing staff whereas the librarian nurse she had in fact thought for the reminisce the retirement age, but as the benefit varies from 58 years to 62 because I have forwarded the decision of the honorable division basis only one aspect of this point out theories that in fact, since both marriage to certain extent, both the nature of marriage appointments would differ angles vary. One decision of our with a high court was division Benjamin is considering the distinction between the employee of a university with visiting the employee who is affiliated to the UGC so there is that decision ultimately are forwarded for consideration Well, if it appears otherwise, I'm conscious that this we are passing the number liaigre we have heard Miss Shruti patekar. Don't make up for the status. Let's say what you liquid, the liquid. This is the combination, the liquid. Yes. Let's see the number 10am requesting for 28. It is arising out of a group of petitions. There are also Mallanna. Tina is appearing, but those are a general 28 of January. I'm requesting for the same day. They're already fixed. We're going to January. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes. You have any objection? You said yes. I could not learn my notes. I'm sorry. On the request, we advise you to raise your list. Appeal again on 20th. January 2021. Yes, Twitter and Facebook. Since I don't know as much they are appearing very very Milo's. problem and everything you're not? Yes. Let's hear my respectful submission today. This is LP against the order passed in civil applications. My second civil application has been rejected. Now, the second civil application will categorically mention to the honorable court that they am the original dependent plenty and prefer a suit my law is a bogus this plaintiff is not the habitual in grabbing land private as well as government lands, several grey lands have been encroaching ratchada area Milord even they are also seriously tried to grab my this applicant is a really loyal widow lady, my lord see wants to sell out her land there, but the status quo is going on there was he is not able to to do any documents Marla my antibodies to create please finish the matter. So that I can on maggots, I have a very good case on marriage mylot these only find our two peaks they matter manner they must second see where the application I have categorically mentioned to the content. This is the person who has grabbed lead and because of these honorable part kind, interference this person has been arrested now my lord I have met I have given number I have given a pack categorical my paragraph number a ground number he may be permitted to read my log data landed single job with the Pirate Party please we will grant you fresh liberty to move the learned single jet for fixing over date. I will I will but lotze may kindly observe because these ladies are unable to sell out your landlord very logically. Yes, ma'am. We are virtually Mahesh learned counsel for the appellant. Although the order passed by the single judge in a is only to the effect of rejecting a civil application for fixing date of Early Hearing. But considering the facts and circumstances of the case, we are of the view that the present let me move afresh application before the learned single jet series The set direction for fixing have an early date of hearing, comma which may be considered by the Learn single get on its own merits. unaffected by the previous orders passed by the learned single judge rejecting the application for only hearing what's up with the unfortunate of the result of this appeal. Possibly, I'm repeat obliged to my Lord. This is the only my car and driver to fix the matter Milan. The order has been passed in the peculiar facts and circumstances of the case and may not be treated as a precedent. Yes, I'm on repealing applies model Mr. Coastie What are you doing in my cold? Why don't you leave and come back again when your time comes. So of course you keep it away from other YouTubers. Mr. Savannah, Georgia your senior is gone Mr. Devaney? Yes yes both of them are in meetings I've just confirmed please yes yes blood blood This is the matter not regarding the students who have been studied the course of BSc honors in mill products. This one was Mr. costly. Mr. Amara, what was your day? Sir Mira, 23 number 23. Number one timing he gave to me Luca Thank you. Sir. I'm Nikki bargaining I'm the Navy and someone will you respect others long warranties number of years. What does this mean? This is the this is the Pl meloche by 74 students. Students have not studied Milan, the course of BSc honors in mill production management in the Temple University. This was of course plus based on the mru between the University London Institute know what had happened meloche that the advertisement for the course was given there after the loss the resolution and circulars were published, students had taken admission in the state course and Miller's after the basic meloche condition of the course was that after they complete their study, they will be offered 100% job. Now, what had happened subsequently, when these students completed How is this a bi n plus pa L is there villas on the ground that not only these students but there is no law in the state of Gujarat to check plus mu courses. If you're not you will see my pair plus specific direction is sought that the students who are studying in the universities of the state of Gujarat through the amoo courses, there is no protection from the fraud committed by the university and the institute's no long as you are going to be a beneficiary of any order pass in this petition. You cannot maintain a PL that's why I am saying file a miscellaneous petition for appropriate release which may be in your interest or which may benefit but not by way of PL even though I will leave it in your benefit we will not enter it in this envelope I'll I'll not pay for that. That really not so far is that it is a nebulous implementation of the MOU is concerned. But so far I'm not seeking delay appropriate direction from this honorable court while the mo ecourses in the state of Gujarat, the PLL would be maintainable Milan not messy my prayer you know, what I have prayed for So, ultimately, you will be a beneficiary beneficiary in the sense mullahs all students in the state of Gujarat will be the beneficiary not only the US rpgmaker here after liberation finery Don't worry about others and you cannot have any personal benefit out of it. Interestingly, enough, Milanesi fill out the facts of this case is without very much very, very disturbing loss wanted and these are the students from very poor families will find a few is find a mysterious petition challenging the or objective or appropriate relief for implementation of the mo y a bi n will be what the learners think and here's why the relief that you want who's stopping you from claiming all those relief you claim although we are also visually also and otherwise also for the rest of the world also you want to take some benefit to file a petition less DPI already recommended to you will be attended to on less MP u p l was in concept plus because not the there is no law in the state of Gujarat to check out this formulate mo use being don't mix up issues and you as a student and a beneficiary, you cannot maintain this. I will not pay for that plus implementation of the piaa that even if you don't pay it, you will be a beneficiary therefore this pile we will not end again. Not may seem like that prayer will answer 12.3 but that would be the proper meloche relief. I'll be claiming Lhasa so far as 1.2 I will not pay for a wonderful place. Yes, you want to adore this petitioner you understood this visit? Nothing I would like if a lawsuit is not inclined then I will withdraw with liberty to file a presbytery. Yes. Okay, she's gonna counsel for the petitioner afternoon to some length shares that this petitioner dismisses withdrawn, leaving it open to the petitioners will such as a remedy as may be available to them except for filing a PA for the relief claim. Accordingly, the petitioners dismissed with Liberty desperate Miss money shall have Kumar government reader along with this Aishwarya DGP have appeared for the state respondents that this is the case. Now Mullah this course does not have any value without the courses close their life is pointless. Before taking entry into an institution, you should have checked all this and you should have filed a fire against the institution and those authorities who have been giving you false assurances of 100% employment on all those marketing stunts. You should be filing an F IR against the Navy all the country was a fireman registered against us for protesting against them. You weren't late You should have filed it earlier. Then there would have been encountered plus I may need millets. Right. Thank you. Mr. h. m shot. Yes. Please your seat is allowed draft amendment in para 0.1. Yeah, what is this petition about? This petitioner filed a writ petition for the there is a scam serious gehrmann taken place by entering into corrupt practice. For example, actually government Ponzi scheme or swach Bharat mission began and under these myths, and they've been giving some rupees for the constructing toilets. Look, if you look at the Gujarat by hypermotard entertaining every dollar say government even rather you must come with a pile before the High Court. No they have constructed already constructed and taken money from the government. When I guess what is wrong in that there is wrong? I will so what is wrong? Yes, yes, please. You're lucky to see para 4.5 sorry for the opponent, who is the petitioner is a social worker, ah ha social worker leaders in his village, let us see your credentials in which paragraph Have you shared about the petition point file. The petition is a social worker who is doing his personal business. He works with the division and protection of democratic values and to spread awareness amongst the people. He is also a dedicated social worker who not only works for his village, but also takes important issues before the concerned authorities in handling the state and national interest. This one is that the government authorities what is what is the education of the petitioner? Actually, I'm not aware about the his education petition. His petitioner is now gone they have a void. Yes poquito. He has made his business occupation witness via channel. Now come to paragraph four. I got a document from surgery. Actually under the RTI act We as from the IDI our business, give us the damn. Oh, all the thing. I charge everything up a business keychain. So would you come up in piles you spent 1000s of rupees and filing a petition and then engaging a council and arguing a matter for construction of toilets in a village which have been constructed but not according to the standard. Right? Yes. So do you think this is a genuine? Yes. Do you personally think that is a genuine PII? Yes. Yes. Are you sure, please, for the petitioner, but as the court What is your view? Yes, yes, because they are taken money, but not construct as per the norms. You want to make a complaint to the local department, we are made convinced against a lot of authority. They are not response loci for Diana we're independent authority. We are asking. We are asking remedy from the respondent number three direct responsibility depute the representative to verify early illegalities and a setup of the lokayukta as police officers, right from the stage of sub inspectors up to the level of Inspector General. So they can get every inquiry conducted investigation carried out and get material and report will come then all of them will be hanging there found guilty of misuse of collusion, again, is not the appropriate form. We already given all authorities. Yes. We made a complaint against all the authorities. collector. collector can apply Dave I'm Luke Liggett. The petitioner may request for the Lord say give some direction. No, no, no. We have virtually Hmm. Sha learned counsel for the petitioner and Miss Michelle of Kumar land and government praeter there is a serious discrepancy wrong with which I want to learn a DGP for the state responded. Also, we are not inclined to entertain this public interest with this writ petition under Article 226 of the Constitution framed as a public interest litigation, seeking appropriate directions regarding verification and investigation into construction of toilets in a particular village, having not been made in accordance with the standards prescribed and thereby misappropriating government funds as comma revealed here as the petitioner has an adequate remedy of approaching the local against the hearing officials and the elected servants public or the elected serpent and other elected members leaving it open to the petitioner to uphold the law while we dismiss this petition. Please your logic applies mainly Yes. We had the solar wind EPA yesterday. up to 90 protect oak forest please please yelagiri Yes, Mister Yes. To present is the public interest litigation focused on the district of walstad, which is situated in the south of Gujarat. The present issue is regarding minor D supplementary income, which the farmers derive. In the south Gujarat from five particular precious trees, which are sad to see some care Chandan in Maharashtra, we are presently concentrating only on k tree, which is a precious tree and which is also resolved under the provisions of the forest act Milord and therefore, without permission of the forest officer, these trees are cadres stated trees cannot be caught by the farmer even if they are grown in their own farm. Now, this creates a technical problem because Malati entire procedure is very technical and therefore, the problem has been created. Now, if your Lordships turn to page 33, I will be able to easily demonstrate what is the difficulty which is being faced by the big party through Your Lordship, there is still option I have given an example of a farmer who has been given a permission for cut his care trees, which are existing in his own farm, which are 20 care trees. Now the forest officer comes to his farm and approximately ever he makes an estimate that 68 log will be derived from it, an approximate volume is given that 4.254 gunmetal will be derived from it, but actually speaking maladies is an inflated value and I will be able to demonstrate easily lordship my turn to page 3535 is the actual punchnama after the three years are caught, and the award is derived that he immediately this 68 is inflated to 137 then the animal is created and murdered. Our allegation is that these forest officers in connivance with the traders my lead they're adding the illegally countries in this legally courtroom and then my lord they are mixed with illegally cardboard and transit pass is issue and there is there the chain of events starts minor this illegally countries are being black marketed, and maluti all the entire middle events, different different things are happening, we are not concerned me those we are only concerned that the farmers who are having these trees are these precious trees that want fun, they are getting less income on the one hand they are getting these illegal illegally they are forced to make this illegally countries and then when the these these goods are seized, then the office is registered against the farmers. Therefore, the farmers lost miles and therefore, it is specifically made allegations against the Polish officers they are hand in glove with the traders and the scapegoat is the farmer that is the issue before your lordship therefore, one number one that supply the agroforestry for which from which they should give the supplementary income that they are not getting and on the other hand, the the the resort forest, the reserve forest, which is government on the government leg manner these precious trees have been cut in nightmare and therefore that is depleting. So therefore, there are two issues before your knowledge that the supplementary income is not being derived in a proper manner and they are made skateboards farmers and on the other hand, the result forest which is standing in the government land in the entire South which are they is being depleted nain and down. That is the amount of grievances created before you're not that tall. Yes, Lordships are not inclined to issue notice. Let this issue be examined. We respond to this. Please you will get the deputy conservator of forest valsad examine this issue. These are the allegations Let it be exam not letter word misono. Gas counsel for the petitioner and Miss monisha modern government assisted by visit the DGP. For the state respondents this loved one this one is granted. For weeks I find concrete elements contained in the petition list after four weeks May I leave your lunch? Yes, please. In the next two matter 15 and 16 we are trying to contact the petitioners who are appearing in person apparently they are not there in the waiting room. So, we will see to see a number 17 Now please welcome Yes, Mr. Yamada. Lord, this is public interest litigation on behalf of the development well as Milan for considering their the case of the Ottoman villas for rehabilitation in San Diego is an NGO that certifies the representation in persona three the presentation of the individual admin valeurs will not be they will called the beloved deep evidences are already submitted. With them now, they are the everyday of officials are visiting and for insisting for vacating the premises, not at least them the expertise prevailing scheme, they should consider the case of the admin dwellers for rehabilitation. Gemalto repetitions already already disposed of not four different places not not this one is area liquid a with it wanting you for this area no no no no no different you yeah well money Naga money I gotta get what the one least I have an expert either money record a million I'm not sure let me verify we've not been served with an advance copy because government is not a party because why why action has been initiated by the Corporation Municipal Corporation will will take We'll look into the matter what it is we don't know ultimately up looks agarbatti resemble a corporation corporation is under Municipal Corporation is the party corporation to management a marquee ultimately owner of the state Hey, I join a lot Dr. mana develop development in urban housing? Yes. I'll show the copy whatever the music well, corporations I think because we're not ultimately the corporation is the implementing authority. Internally there they are. But I will join I will I don't want to join any human on I will join no difficulty at all. Lucky University Council for the petitioner and this money shall have Kumar garbled message a guy with a sugar already up. Mr. Robot hella comfortable petitioner will employee the state of urban housing department calls the department a thing an urban development department our development and urban housing department, urban development and urban housing department as a respondent number four, please have a copy of the petition we serve on the Office of the learner government within 24 hours. First issue notice or respondents one in three with respect to newly added respondent for the search area aka nadp we have noticed that all the respondents file their counter whatever within a month or less thereafter. What might not permit me to live next one is Elvish. Could you connect with the two private parties was badly received but they will not Yes, Mr. Barish. Mr. Rajesh number 20. Do warlords. Yes they do do my own complaint your nagging Lord, my lord is there to take care of his property. Why are you worried? The railway has a huge setup, to enforce to protect his property to remove illegal encroachments and they have all the machinery with them. Don't worry, you sit at home comfortably. Alright, let the railways handle it. We are dismissing your petition no matter what. Thank you forgive me. Rush learned counsel for the petitioner. Miss Manisha la Kumar Lin is government assisted by Mr. Shea order Gabby's many talented EDP for the state responded by means of this petition under Article 226 of the Constitution. The petitioner framed the public interest litigation, the petitioner has prayed for appropriate direction being issued to the respondents to remove the illegal encroachments made by private respondents numbered one to 15 in the railway premises. Also, the Indian Railways is a huge setup and has all its departments in place to take care of the protection of its property. There are statutes also framed for the set purpose or protection of the railway property. We are therefore not inclined to entertain this petition as a player the railways will take care of their own property petition is accordingly dismissed. Be Done. Yes, yes my note. This is the P o in which my lord illegal tubewell borewell Come on social element and providing water tanker Milo tanker Rottweiler against the tanker and I am a corporate or Milo who is providing the tanker my load some illegal activity is done, my Lord, what are you doing with the carburetor? Why don't you stop it? My Lord, I have written a various representation various later my load to various authority, my load. But my lord till today well nothing is done by law. We are still not able to understand your concern. Yes, my look, while some illegal few bells and borewell My Lord was digging by some force on my law, is there a law relating to digging of rivers and borewells? yet my no no permission is taken my load from, from authorities my law, which authority Corporation by law, to Municipal Court procedures Municipal Corporation gives to digha borewell already when yes Milo for your personal use? Yes, my lord. No, that might not might not know or what we sell is getting my load or personal use is already my load. We have no objection my load. But my lord, this is the activities we are incorporated. Yes, my lord, I'm a corporate you are also in the business of supplying water, no, no, no, no, no, no. Is there somebody who is not providing you tankers with my Lord, my lord, this is not why not then why not? Take it at your own level you are a corporate or elected member, member of the corporation said that we said that my Lord we said that we have we have written a various letter to the various authority but till today while no action was taken, whether this is a frivolous petition dismissed Are you withdrawing it are you understand Milan, Milan one one more point we do respect my work what point why not? We have also give a various name might not be number 34 Well, he is number 34 please when the private illegal borewell user more well more well unnamed some of them might not have already given my room but they do they might not know at some will take a while or if your board will get a copy of my tanker tanker leakage at a window or a tanker say some accident was taken mellowed out 400 times guys but only Korea that anger to be vulgar while on illegal tanker was passing my load illegal supply of the water Milo to the motor vehicle department over the rd over d GST the GST department who doesn't want that data early though I love first of all the illegal border Valley's top My Lord. My other activity already stopped my Lord. My not one reason my honorable FX got my load 36 of 2009 Mile Road laser for prevention of fatal accident of small children due to their falling into abdom more well and doable Mile Road in which my load on a will Apple FX code clearly stated that there should be a permission or digging a bear borewell Milord But till today, my look in Surah visapur Corporation bioload nothing is there well. You want to authority says that no permission is taken part of the operation and you are not able to enforce it. Well we have returned to the authority that is Municipal Corporation by law companies are also companies that also agree that this is an illegal constructor illegal borewell by law. It's already condemned according to you, excuse me that he has state agency key key public or sufficient money on j corbera. Kareena oblique copani pani porcine kijima dairy Corporation, yeah, that is that really agree. Yes, my lord. If somebody is buying water and water is being transported, that means the corporation is failing in its duty to provide water. This is this is not legally binding by law or by our observation polypill, I have one giant pile of peanut peanut a panicky samosa near Milo in a panic is somewhere near Milo. This is the water which was supplied to the industry to industry company. Corporation v. I load my load Pele paniagua might have been a company the public amelogenin Illegal border wall Milo the level of the water Milo is one down going down definitely my look then the environmental setup is being affected is cobalt a quote number 18 This relates to the environment, it will not lie here then transport, transport public transport at Milady belongs to the corporation Corporation he says is permitting water from to well being transported to industrial use or transferred for industrial use, nor is the water level is going down because of this, there is no material there is no data there is nothing good except is transferred when we are not cities of this jurisdiction. This petition relates to this is a public interest litigation relating to environmental issues. Let it be placed before the appropriate when dealing with such matters. On Monday, 18th January 2021 Milo Milo Milo next Monday, next Monday, October 23 2015, my man after that as the 25th of may 21 go first every public public and my not my loved one one more is but my look I want to produce some documents. So all of you Yes, my lord some counsel for the petitioner would be at liberty to file a supplementary affidavit annexing such material as he may deem fit in support of his may be permitted to leave when you depart party in Brazil has come if they have not come then we will really learn in government leader and her assistant can no contact me gonna be totally sped up any idea you have seen syllabus appearance 16? I have seen a number 15 and 16. Are they worth considering? Or are they required a special did I leave it to the honorable court minute but let him assist the honorable court before I make. Number 15 relates to Milan certain words being used mirrored while referring to persons belonging to a particular caste. Look that is his objection. In my submission will not perhaps this is more relating to look, he believes that in government documents, notifications, certain words are used belonging to another class, which according to him are inappropriate and ought to be replaced by certain other names. Without the social justice and empowerment department a lot is can be asked to examine this, but in my submission that doesn't appear to be anything other than what is officially permitted. government documents notifications use only that which is officially permitted. He would like words other than what is being used to be used that is is not concern. He was suggested to the government and the content department examined and I would be duly following and this can be considered as a representation. So can you dispose of this whether or not he would want to address the honorable court? I'm going to leave Heiko to decide Nicaragua agony anyway put a date or maybe on the next date. Otherwise we will pass the order that is my what I believe would be perhaps in the fifth and what is in jail number 16. Not serial number 16 is to restrict the number this may be dismissed Milan. This is to restrict the number of licenses being issued for Richards cars, other vehicles. It is his case that the traffic issue has become a serious issue. The number of rickshaws etc being granted license ought to be restricted and only a certain number be permitted per year. load that is again in the realm of policy. It involves empirical data it needs detailed study that cannot be any pick and choose we would be Malawi would be responsible under Article 14 for discrimination, we would have to Milan examine this and I believe will not the transport authorities would be examining this and not too far fetched to old Milan that what is happening is creating a traffic problem. In normal languages, when the case was called out, the petitioner who appears in person is not present demand under government created along with the surgery of the GP after them for the state led these two matters with the state again on 27th January 2021. It is free to inform both the presenters about the set date and also to ensure that the links are sent to them so that they may join them address a court failing which the court will proceed to pass appropriate orders on the next day they don't show up we will proceed with the matter may be permitted to leave my immensely grateful to my lords next is Mr. Guthrie we are issuing notice in your model before get over focus on the use of focus alright wish to continue yes and also to ensure that the link and then we'll do the ones that will not sell you the whatever whichever The result is to the keyway This is a question yes sir. You should not get some date. Obviously date would be given you will come to know in the man Listen. Yes Mr. Potato compensation was to be paid in full what a third of March. And the order was so good he responds on 10th of March and April or March. My Lord, sir, you'll notice Yes. Yes. Mr. Electric? Yes. The operative question is at page 13. The petition was for regularization and the single judges allowed the petition in directed that the petitioners should be regularized per 10 of patients. You shouldn't have to search it that way was one contempt on yesterday's board mc 846 of 2020 the border judgments are what back emf can be tagged with that wall kept on it is kept on 12 February luxury and same date maybe you are going to jail connect with the number MC number 846 of 2020 846 of 2020 please Mishra, you have not uploaded you should know this. Nearly Yes. Because he wants to be some internet issue at my place. Am I audible? my notes? Yes. This is my channel January ca 658. Yeah, this is a shipment. I wasn't able to repeat that. While Yes, my notes in similar matter notice is issued it is kept on 20 January 2021. Same sci fi 368 will be a January 20 January, where my lords the learned assistant government leader has submitted that they are in the process of filing LPA so this matter may kindly be kept on that day. Made returnable on that day so both the matters can be heard together. Drew Come on 22nd 29 DMC and I never get any use my notes please please please notice my published nearly yes yes sir. Yes my lord kindly keep it with Mr. Missouri due to some personal work sir. Yes. So Milan you can see well or kindly keep it quick. Why going Friday Pearson you heard city parish Patel advocate for more than three. Yes, sir. Yes. counsel for the applicant. Even petition items are 9487 of 2020 was disposed of by order dated 18th August 2020. directing the respondents to decide the representation of the petitioner within a period of two weeks. Let's talk thereafter, when the direction was not complied with the petitioners preferred contempt application being MC number 602 of 2020. They said contempt application was disposed of by order dated 2016 2020. Again granting one more opportunity to the opposite parties to decide the representation within two weeks. When despite the same, the evaluation has not been decided this present application has been filed. Next time it was a the opposite parties are in contempt. And in disobeyed, the direction issued by this court may not deciding the representation also, we accordingly that notices were issued fixing 12th of February 2021. By the third date, your actions are not complied with an affidavit to that effect is not filed the opposite party the opposite parties shall remain present before this course. Funny Yes. Please do not believe the logic or the approach to the promotion or the junior can begin a promotion petitioner is not even on the right of promotion the honorable you should know this. I knew obliger magic lever this one To the content matter, my notes your Lordships will find the order passed by the learned single judge at page 13. Yes. Essentially, the representation was to be decided preferably within a period of eight weeks order dated six March. This All right, Mr. Ronnie, we have the latest API eventual comm borrowers may only make one request. So serial number 3435 and 36 are my extension applications where I'm facing facing clusterings of non compliance. Those matters are listed at 5758 and 59. I'm only requesting what matters to be kept on a particular same date windows so that at least those extensions are there before you're not sure where you're going to get because we had a little bit Hi, my name is David time i checked right mm hmm is individuality. But I wanted to create my character my mentor ID I every single day to connect in what he started to convey to others hi Hello Government Yes. Now we have there is one matter of this one is for reform. Parker is not here. This is not intended as a textbook is about one Cruz months. So inadvertently y'all had not pressed on the ground of low tax effective Texas Yes ma'am. Looking at this application is that the instance of the revenue pointing out the relevant point of time the bill number triple one zero of 2013 came to be disposed on. We they order dated 31 720 20 on the grounds of low tax effect. It is pointed out that it was an inadvertent mistake on the part of the revenue at the relevant point of time. However, the monetary limit is of more than rupees one crore after ascertaining the facts, it is revealed that the tax effect involved in this appeal is rupees six comma 71 comma 41 comma 18548 dot y dot not 1997 dash 98 point having heard the learned having heard Miss mana, but learned senior standing counsel appearing for the applicant record revenue and having gone through the elements made in this application we recall our order dated 31 720 20 and restore the tax appeal number triple 102 1013 to its original file registry to take steps accordingly the civil application stands disposed of less manly much please my love's please my Yes Hello Do you see the matter where because of the proposed the the limited prayer is made to prohibit the kite flying no other prayer regarding any religious or social function prohibition. Paid number 15 para a was on on the occasion of pipelining. There are always crowding on the terraces as well as which matter are you addressing. This is Serial Number Two my serial number two which application is yours 207 of 2021 on behalf of Mr. Shah you are getting please please please and get your call your number Wait please will go by one by one we have a complete Assam for five matters relating to the SPL we also have one fresh matter which was there in the morning we kept it post lunch was also related to COVID placement. Nearly Yesha okay. My notes Ma'am, I could request my notes No, no Mr. benesch topco Joyner, he's appeared on my behalf. He's in the waiting room. I already allowed him to join us, Mr. Vinay Chava. Hello, room. That is the please one. That's the one I mentioned in the morning. Where is the sound coming noise? So Mr. Trivedi, what are your instructions? What do my laws have been on one page? Not yet. I just will not run through quickly Milan. Yes. This is what without the thought we had a brainstorming session and ultimately will not try to come up with this we're not subject to my love's approval. If I mean email or to contain the spread of covid 19. During festival overdrive, the following restrictions are required to be strictly implement. One, no gathering and flying of guides at public places open grounds roads are allowed to it is advisable that this time the festival is celebrated in restrictive manner, the close family members only three. Without mask, nobody's allowed to gather on terrorists of building plans for kite flying. It is also mandatory that they should strictly follow the norm of social distancing, and keep an element of sanitizers then for no person other than the residents of the flats or society shall be allowed on the terraces of the building flat or open grounds in the residential societies. Fine. large gathering of people on terrorists of building flat or open grounds in the residential society is prohibited. Six use of loudspeakers, DJs and music systems are prohibited, as it may attract large gathering on terrorists of building flat open grounds which may increase the risk of infection of COVID 97 persons above 65 years of age, persons with comorbidities, pregnant women and children below the age of 10 years I advise to stay at home. Eight No one is allowed to display writing slogans pictures on guides that can affect the sentiments of the society and disturb public tranquility. Nine use of Chinese sky lantern Chinese to call synthetic glassport in mind jazz lasting manga is strictly prohibited in accordance with the directives of the honorable Supreme Court and the National green tribunal. The guidelines issued by later number so in so dated 29 December 2020 of the home department God will rush me Stickney follow 10 persons visiting the tight markets located in various places in the state, like it ribu, conch, shell naroda, etc. in the city of andavar are directed to strictly absorb all COVID-19 protocols and assist the police personnel for regulating the presence 11 The light is issued by notifications and guidelines by the central government and the state government with respect to COVID-19. Shall we strictly follow 12 directions publish right order number so info dated ninth October 2020 of the home department shall be strictly adhere to 13 curfew impose in police commissioner areas of Ahmedabad what are the Rajput and pseudo cities in the state shall be strictly implement. effective implementation of the above instruction would be ensured by deployment of adequate policeman Dover's patrolling and surveillance by using technology like drone and sensitivity as the case may be. Any person breaching any of the instruction will be liable for penal action under the prevailing law, including the Disaster Management Act 2005 and the Indian Penal Code 1860. This is what we would like to see that we will not implement with a lot of effectiveness with deployment of police bill all around to see that bill or things are taken care of. We tried to find out as to what are the sensitive areas whereby crowds get together number one below people like to visit in the city area people who are living in West they always like to go afternoon below in the city area, that will remain prohibited by history. Number two Milad DDD user now speakers DJs the Utrecht crowd, we are totally prohibited trying to see that belong to a family below itself goes to the terrorists and enjoys We will also be what we try to go into the number the letter speaks a particular number, but it's difficult because the the the sizes of terrorists very small building to build we could not come to a particular conclusion. Therefore, we would like to see that we are also trying to sensitize without the Secretary and chairperson of the societies on the place conveying this will not so that they will also take care that at a time there is no large gathering one of the flat residents on a terrace Hello we are trying to see that do not supervise guide markets are concerned where the Lord normally on a lot 11 1213 other crucial dates, whether people go move from shoulder to shoulder, which is likely to spread below, we have tried to see that this time alone, we draw a line we try to see that the social distancing is maintained in a poll is one over Sybil or is deployed over there. I also see that a lot today in a lot this industry. Last year's will our turnover is about 625 gross. Making get off more than Lego people belong. We're making without the harvest the crop wasn't able to stop it totally will not perhaps will not be not just not stopping it completely. But you'd be very careful. Yeah, yeah, we'll burn them a finger once. Yes, you're good to see that will be the spike which took place below Dr. divali because of various blog, news areas brought in picture do not take this. Yes. This is what we are thinking about subject to my last right so have you issued any circular in this regard or you are awaiting? My Lord says Yes, we'll be issuing without this very thing without without there being any without j of a line or a word. Amen was about to come, but I I conveyed the let us discuss the honorable God and there are many further safety laws are to be will not put. I leave it to my loss. To see that we strike a balance, we really there has to be a sustainable sustaining sala gsf Kelly, we are not anti anybody, we are not wanting to deprive anybody of their livelihood, but at the same time you're putting into your body the lives of public at large would be also a relevant consideration. So no mild mannered friend Bill are in fact, in his heart also things like that therefore at page 50 Yes, couches levels in that question. Which friend are you referring to? You have too many friends here. Of course, all my friends will know but this time I would like to see a big smile on the face of Mr. postion samila. Mr. Koshi there was a company is there is confusion about not to make any turn to page 15. We are planning with Mr. Shah? Yes, Lord, He has made a big announcement in the prayer clause he Have you realized that no he needs to strike a balance between glossy sales and alternative launch he may issue a direction or some guidelines as to how the festival should be celebrated. And then the body of petition will not he has tried to come up with some sedation. That's all right, there it is as a last resort. Unfortunately, Mr. Kapadia is not flying guide. So, you will know what what we do appreciate the efforts of the government 90% of these suggestions which might learn next year where they are very good, but the practical difficulty, my learned senior is also understanding that unless there is a total prohibition, these restrictions will not work. Because looking to the number of the poorest force, it will be very difficult to keep constant vigil. Mr. Kapadia, can you tell us one thing, you own a building, which has a terrace maybe on the second floor, third floor first floor? Can the government stop you from going on your terrorists? No, no, no. So the this is what the government has also suggested that only family members living in those premises will be going to the terrorists will be allowed to go, no outsiders will be allowed. Even in societies where there are a huge number of flags in apartments. Only those who are interested may go up outsiders may not be invited as a guest. And I may, you know increase the number of your family members living in the house will be there. Hello, Lord survivor, Mr. Arrest, the people have to be responsible and behave in their best interest. So large responsibility rests on the public also, apart from the government, putting in positions and restrictions, any restrictions, if you don't want to follow it, you violate it what happens ultimately, who suffers, everyone suffers even the government also suffers because ultimately the government has to shell out a lot of money in recovering everything what is lost, what is damaged? Well, that is the only anxiety then if there was total prohibition, at least there would have been the lesser burden on medical infrastructure. Today, my learned friend Mr. posty, saying the least of the cases, it has come to almost 50% from last month's number, but it has not come to zero. So from 52, it should not go to 100% again. So therefore, the few people who are fond of flying kites, they can sacrifice their enjoyment for the betterment of the other people. So there was total prohibition, he is the only remedy because restricts us would not work practically. On paper, it sounds very good. But if the honorable court because not super experienced Also, before Diwali, anyone after the rally also lots of you're seeing anyone in that social service order. Also, lots of you had noticed that people are irresponsible, but for the benefit of the other people this restriction or prohibition, rather, they are required by law. I'm not criticizing the government, they have come with very good suggestions. But total prohibition, at least in big cities worldwide mobile assemble, we will consider your submission. And one one thing more there are apartments were between 100 to five 500 or 1000 people are also resigning. Now not see my style, you see the volume of the people on tariffs, whether it will not affect or that there will not be any spread of the impacts on my Oh, and one thing last thing, my Lord, not even in our registry also whenever we pile, some papers are not there that cover is open after 24 hours. Now if I am purchasing a kite and then flying the kite, then it goes to others then there will be a penalty infection minor. Yes. There's a question you want to add something? Yes, I want to add because I already merged center report on the cases which is gradually decreased as per the government data. Secondly, home department has issued the guideline to get for gathering of the religious or any other 200 but my lord has on last date 24 December as Milan fix the number of 100 and the every festival ballot even including now ruthenian divali Lb has been celebrated and government has issued the sob for their for that and people are following those who are not willing they are giving the penalty of 126 crore to the government. Therefore, these now the situation the recorded 800 I already sent the copy to the code master you're not seeing me you're not seeing can see the rewarded Yes, sir. They're there to seven January there is a case 667 started 1920 as of December 200 it is gradually reduce and recorded it is 94 point 92 Yes, there were that total ban or total prohibition will not work. Because the even the India Diwali also people have celebrated the secret manner. And this this festival is coming once you know, here only and government can modulate or decide the modalities for celebrating the festivals. NATO we are unable to understand what you're trying to say. I'm trying to because I am I have filed a civil application for joining because I am for the model that proton manufacturing traders. You are in there is a prayer there is a prayer to total ban to say therefore I'm here if you want to say no for them. Yes. All right. You are here for the benefit of the ICT industry. Yes. This has been already taken. All right now anyone else who wants to address on the router and issue restrictions regarding with Ryan. Any other council wanting to address we had kept 42 of 20 2002 lordship with purpose logic my request where Mr. Masuda is in the waiting room. So I am here. Mr. McGruder is here for the last five minutes. I request for a meeting with Mr. Buddha. My apologies, my Yes. So, we should revisit today 42 of 2020 was kept only for this purpose only for this purpose will only say since bill our new petition had come. So my lord Syrian be tagged along with that. So what is 207 and one is the application of Mr. Coastie being application number 121 logic. Was that great. Just one minute. Mr. Preeti Archer. In principle, we are like we have no like issues with the government proposal on 13 points, except point number four, we want to add something no person other than the residential the flasher society shall be allowed on terraces of building flat or open ground in the residential societies. In case of any violation or breach of this condition. The Secretary of the IWA or the secretary of the society resident welfare associations ready would be held responsible, I don't know. So that that will create some vulnerable areas. I 100 plaques 50 flats in one building and everyone wants to go up and then they have guests also from outside. So it will unnecessarily multiply will add that will add that right 

